boom and we're live cheeto Santino live
gentleman come you with hot ones hello
sir how are you I'm Big Daddy good
brother just played a little bit of pool
and lost a game and lost lost one
illegitimately
you won one illegitimate you mean loss
you lost one illegitimate yeah you know
a scratching is not a good way to win
we are scratching the 8 ball these
gentlemen it is it is the way to win it
happens even to the best it's it's a
real way to win I'm good you are you
must control the cue ball I have no I
have no balance over any of that stuff
whatsoever I know there's those little
red dots on there
yeah he's nothing to me those little red
dots other they call that the measles
cue ball in that cue ball they've
developed for television so that you
could watch the ball spin so you know
what kind of English the guy puts on the
ball there's nothing to do with the
person that shooting whatsoever it does
yeah it's the person that like for the
for the most it's a very controversial
ball you really want to get into it I do
because it has a different reaction than
a red circle cue ball or a red dot cue
ball
those are the preferred cue balls of a
lot of players right but the measles cue
ball it's just maybe the tiniest bit
heavier or the surface is different or
something
but it's still legal use it in
tournaments yeah ok players get some
players got angry when they came up with
it they didn't like it they like the old
cue ball that's how it's precise the
reactions are where I get to the very
top level of pool players what's kind of
like golf balls when people think no
balls don't mean anything to golfers
they do I'm sure
the feel is so there's a lot of soft the
softer golf balls like a lot of people
like Titleist makes producing a pro V
once a pro v1x s harder softer the
average Joe who's full of shit who's
like I like probe you wanna it doesn't
mean anything to him yeah some guy
that's like a 15 or 20 handicap it means
nothing
a guy that's like a scratch golfer like
a like a pro pool player it makes all
the difference
yeah how it comes off the face yeah how
it spins there's a thing called a mud
ball if it's buried in mud it reacts
differently the moment it comes off a
mud on it's even a little bit right yeah
yeah I mean the tiniest bit yeah wait
did you hear pros impressive about
golfers twos they play with a bunch of
different weights of clubs yeah it's
like a pool player basically
who uses one cue and maybe one cue to
break with and some players even break
with their playing cue but you you don't
have like a bunch of different cues for
a bunch of different shots usually right
well there's because the distances but
just get used to the feel of one cue so
when a player changes cues like say if
you go from a 18 ounce cue to a 21 ounce
- there's a big difference in the way it
hits the ball it drives through the ball
different you have to make the cue do
more of the work and write heavy with a
heavy cute do you think it mentally
changes the way you said yeah totally
yeah
it's see that's his Fox in people's
heads that's what's so impressive about
golfers they got all these different
weights everything's different shape
right it's different there's a guy I
think he seems Bryson D Shambo I think
that's the golfer he uses all his clubs
are cut to the same length which is
really rare nobody does that like almost
every club set you get is all different
lengths clubs and he is this people did
it years and years ago but he's like one
of the only guys on tour that now cuts
his club's to the same length
because he mentally wants to have the
same exact stance over the ball no
matter of the shot Wow it's pretty smart
I mean it's a it's a cool interesting
concept a lot of golfers don't know how
to you know adjust that much I don't
know jack shit about golf but there's
guys with weird strokes and pool there's
guys with weird technique in boxing and
it still works yeah there's people that
do shit different there's no I don't
think there's any right way in sports
some of the ugliest shots in basketball
tend to be some of the most fun to watch
and sometimes they're really good yeah
like sometimes like the classic Ray
Allen basketball stroke is probably the
most beautiful jump shot you know
compared to him and Jordan but there are
guys that have terrible looking shots
but they're fucking phenomenal mm-hmm
it's just it's just consistency and
their inner balance over you know the
the timing that they have and the
release that they have that's just a
that's got to be the same thing in every
sport pool for some shit for shirin -
yeah you know in boxing it used to be
thought that you pretty much you know if
you went to a good trainer they would
teach you to keep your hands up that was
always the way to box but then you get
to a level of like a Tommy Hearns
remember the way Tommy Hearns used to
fight he's to keep his left hand low
really low yeah down to the hand cocked
and he would snap that left hand at you
like a fucking let goes cold bro
his crack Motorcity Cobra he would just
pop that fucker right in your face
that's why I used to call him that
because I was coming out of fucking
trade hitman Tommy Hearns he was a bad
motherfucker dude and then dying he
would hit you with that right hand and
he had so much torque cuz he was really
wide yeah he was really long and wide
for a welterweight man look at him in
147 pounds I think he was probably like
6 - and just shred
jacked and just grunted 47 at six - is
to a champ you ever see what he looked
like when he fought Sugar Ray Leonard
huh oh my god yeah and then he went up
to 160 fought Hagler and got killed by
Hagler and a crazy slugfest you ever saw
that fine pull-up Marvin Hagler versus
Thomas Hearns this might have been the
great I think it went two rounds but it
might have been the greatest two rounds
in the history of the middleweight
division because these two guys were
super skilled
I mean Marvin Hagler is a brilliant
technical boxer can switch from southpaw
Orthodox like fluidly like you'd even
noticed a difference he fought just as
good from both sides and he knocked
everybody out and an iron chin and Tommy
Hinds was Merkin motherfuckers he merked
Roberto Duran with one punch his black
face playing fucking in one punch man
he's to be stung them with one shot and
let me let him see that first here's the
build-up the build-up is Tommy Hearns
chaos Roberto Duran let's watch that
first and then we're gonna go back to
Marvin Hagler versus Tommy Hearns so you
get a feel for what it was like to be
able to switch stances is so crazy to me
to be able to do that so fluidly that
well that's one of the brilliant things
about Hagler I mean he was just so good
at that
and he get by it's weird for a guy when
you're used to I remember the first time
I fought a guy who was left-handed it
was super confusing everything's coming
from the wrong place
everything looks like reversed you got
to get used to it right you don't see it
as often right so if you don't see it as
often and sometimes it's more effective
but some guys were really good against
southpaws some guys have like a
Lightning right hand and that was one of
the speculations about Hagler and Hearns
cuz Hearns had this lightning right hand
and Hagler oftentimes fought southpaw
that's the counter for southpaw is a
straight right now watch this though
this is this goes to show you how God
look how big he is back
[Applause]
dude look at this oh come on man
when Tommy Hearns merpeople he's marked
people and you got to understand man he
did this to Roberto Duran that's fast in
slow-motion dude he's so fast that looks
fast even in fucking slow-motion he was
so fast and he hit so hard but now you
gotta watch this and this is Hagler in
his prime he was 30 years old he was the
undisputed motherfucking middleweight
champ in the world and most people
thought he's the best pound-for-pound
fighter on earth and Tommy Hearns of
course you just saw what he did to
Roberto Duran yeah and it was a lot of
speculation a lot of speculation coming
into this fight and they just went at it
from the beginning of the round there
was very little feel ups just constant
pressure by Hagler right hooks boom but
let me look at this bro they they're
going to war these are two of the best
fucking middleweights ever and they're
standing in front of each other going to
war and it doesn't feel like anybody's
face it feels like there's I feels like
they're at the exact same energy level -
oh dude like both of them have the same
output look at throwing full power shots
from the moment the fight started and
they right in front of each other man it
for Hearns this this negates his
gigantic reach advantage over almost
everybody yeah so Hearns decided to
fight this way he decided to stand right
now look at him the referee could barely
separate him hers decide to stand right
in front of Hagler and Hagler decide to
stand right in front of Hearns and they
just now her and his movement see now
this is what Hearns could have done from
the beginning and made it interesting
sticking and moving but by the time he
decided to do that he was already
touched up and Marvin starts moving in
for the kill that left hand of the body
Hagler was relentless and his cardio was
fuckin supreme it was supreme he always
put pressure on people and you couldn't
hurt him he only had one bullshit
knocked down his entire career as a
bullshit knockdown he fought I think was
Juan Roldan and Juan Roldan kind of like
it was more like a shove and maybe maybe
they tripped or something like that and
the referee called it a knockdown but I
remember thinking god damn it
cuz Hagler had a weird thing that he was
either born with or developed he had
giant muscles on the side of his head
like he was a temple horn with headgear
I'm not bullshitting
they had him anta with a helmet on this
is like a big thing in the world of
sports back in the day like that he was
literally almost born for this that's
how good Hagler was yeah these
motherfuckers are I mean it's relentless
dude they're toed up every time it up
they're barely looking for any distance
between each other and you got to
realize man this is not how people
usually fight they don't throw full
power shots on every shot I mean they'd
be tired within 15 seconds these guys
are just going at it so I think this was
like almost like a game of chicken like
both of them knew they were never gonna
reach the 12th round right so they said
fuck it let's just do this and Hagler
just stood right in front of him
constantly blasting them and you see at
the end of the first round Hearns is
wilting he just does not have the power
or the speed or the movement see he's
all goofy yeah he's sloppy yeah just
exhausted he's exhausted but still the
warrior in him is making him throw these
fucking bombs man you got to realize
like at the time no one really knew what
the fuck was gonna happen in this fight
and then Hagler heard him yeah
there's a little stumble and one of one
of Hagler's incredible attributes
besides his skill was his determination
to win man he was just he was a
ferocious competitor man just ferocious
and so if someone was willing to engage
him and this kind of crazy fight were
you gonna stand toe-to-toe and see who's
the bigger man oh my god everyone's
gonna die gonna take you to the end of
the earth man to the end of the earth
I mean Hagler just looked like he just
had it's still so much left in the tank
even at the end of the first round
he's not do this for years he's never
out of shape he never partied he never
did anything stupid what did he do no
never got fat no drugs no alcohol no and
how about this retired after the Sugar
Ray Leonard fight lost a controversial
decision Sugar Ray Leonard to this day I
think he won and then but it was a close
fight yeah but and then just retired and
became a fuckin movie star in Italy
that's fuckin love that guy yeah but
that's the way to do it huh kind of go
out of the good prime and then just say
good I know
else did it like you America nobody else
did it like him that's why you heard
them yep now he's just moving into the
queue no now it's taking his time yeah
see now it's just nice and relaxed this
is inevitable now
Marvin's just moving in and decided when
he's gonna uncork when he's gonna uncork
moving in blocking these shots he knows
it Hearns his hurt and he starts teeing
them up but idea canyon and her and just
try to move down see now that's how I
thought Hearns was gonna fight and most
people thought her is gonna fight from
the beginning like that just can't move
from the other side yeah sting up from
the outside like that I mean that's
that's classic Thomas Hearns but the
warrior and him wanted to find out you
know find out who's the baddest
motherfucker in town who is it you know
you could fit you and you can feel him
backing up kind of he he knows what's
kind of it's almost like he knows what's
coming he's getting in some good shots
even then he's you know creating
distance but even still it just doesn't
feel like he's balanced you know see
that in right there boom oh he's hurting
now Hagler standing right in front of
him when he is touching him but he's he
just doesn't have the pop anymore you
know what it's like when you're working
out and at the end of the workout you're
fucking exhausted and you can barely do
one rep that's what happens with your
arms when you're fighting just they just
there's nothing left there's nothing
left it's not like you know he's doing
this on purpose right he's he doesn't
have there's no gas in his arms like his
arms are completely flooded right now
like all the blood in them and it's just
they're not recovering it's a horrible
feeling too he's swinging though look
he's swinging but it's way slower than
it was in the first right right his snap
was a snap was so much quicker in the
first round now he's now he's not
following through a little bit exactly
he's trying to conserve energy right
screw realizes he can't do this forever
he's exhausted there but they both look
like they're fucking at that one that
little breaking point where it's about
to be either I'm telling you Hagler even
though he might might look like that
because a little fast pace he could do
this for years he could do this he just
didn't get tired man and you couldn't
hurt him was crazy he fought a dude
named John the Beast Mugabi and John the
Beast Mugabi was fucking terrifying
people man he starched Terry Norris he
starts to bunch of dudes
he was a heavy punch or heavy puncher
and Hagler stood right in front of them
he got caught with one big uppercut and
didn't even budge uppercuts that were
like marking people didn't even know in
flinch so what round was it is it the
third round the third yes the third
round here's the third this shows you
how fucking tough Tommy Hearns was I
mean those two rounds were just fucking
knock-down drag-out relent
yeah just non-stop but towards the end
you clearly see Hagar's coming on I mean
he looks good he looks good and he's
pacing himself now it's just just moving
forward throwing shots but yeah Hearns
is exhausted man it's fucking rough man
there it is boom boom boom I was trying
to keep yeah he's trying to keep him
right he's having a hard time breathing
though man I mean he's exhausted see
that big deep breath so did you take
that big sigh it's almost like nah so we
lost him mouthpiece I think is that what
it was he called his time yeah I think
that's what happened I don't know man
it's hard to tell it's really blurry for
they're just gonna say mad to 240 P was
weird back then huh looked normal to us
back then your eyes knew how to handle
it right well you were just excited that
you could see the fight right you know
but this was it was I wonder if this
would it looks like a woman's on HBO had
to Ben do you know HBO just to cancel
the boxing they don't have boxing
anymore at all at all just pay-per-view
now they don't even do pay-per-view
they're out of the boxing business what
yeah and that crazy so they'll never and
he's moving home right hand oh it's done
he knew it damn dance it third round
gone I always miss this I always think
it's just hanging around for some reason
I think we've actually gone over this
before
but third round yeah man I don't have a
boxing anymore HBO's got out of the
boxing business what do you think that's
because of it's not earn enough money
anymore I don't know it makes me sad
though they had some of the greatest
boxing telecasts of all time I mean that
was what you would do you'd go if a big
fight was on Bernard Hopkins was on a
lot of the times it was on HBO
yeah and it was on pay-per-view then you
knew who's gonna be on HBO the following
week right so even if you couldn't
afford the pay-per-view you could see it
hang in there a week later you knew
one but you could watch the fight on HBO
I remember going to watch I remember
watching fights in HBO I just remember
that that HBO boxing being such like a
emblematic thing for you know I mean
like it's so recognizable so like
pay-per-view and HBO so then get out of
the game is so strange it's kind of like
the revolution that's happening now the
last fight I went to with you at UFC now
there ESPN
what is it plus ESPN plus that is yeah
the private paid service it's a
subscription service right like a
Netflix for sports but it's it's not
just UFC fights it's a bunch of other
stuff thing well all kinds of shit stuff
that just won't show on ESPN at all
though no they sometimes show
I mean it's ESPN content I guess so you
could watch some fights that were on
ESPN Plus later they'll probably show
them on ESPN sort of like the same thing
with HBO pay-per-view yeah you know but
um I think what HBO did with
pay-per-view was brilliant where you
would have the pay-per-view but then let
people watch it for free a week later
you're just gonna make more fans yeah
it's like you're not gonna lose money on
the pay-per-view yeah just gonna make
more fans well that's the whole idea of
like that's why this this this is funny
I was gonna talk to you about this
anyway I just moved and I canceled my
directv I'm done I canceled them I cut
the wire and I'm just doing like Hulu
live TV yeah Internet shit I'm all the
years of hearing people being like
cutting the cord cutting the cord I'm
like I don't know man I like it now fuck
it I love I love what I'm doing now and
I gotta tell ya I can get all the shit
that I want for cheaper than I had it
before and it's just way more convenient
now I used to be so tethered to being
like I'll never give up cable now I'm
like fuck it I don't want it anymore
I don't want it this has been the best
like I'll always have a blockbuster card
oh wait yeah it'll never go away
it'll never even Hollywood video dude I
want to rent a man if you put all your
money in that you're like I'm telling
you in 20 years
yeah this is gonna mount fifteen million
dollars do you think people invested in
Netflix when it was the DVD subscription
service and that you don't I mean like
early on and now they're still getting
the the revenue dividends of what
Netflix is now I wonder about that oh
yeah I'm sure you do
like that's got to be the best money cuz
it was worth nothing back yeah it was
just another subscription video service
and they had a there was a ton of them
I mean who grandfather's I did my first
Netflix special in 2005 oh my god
there's one left
oh I think I've seen this yeah Oregon
Bend Oregon that's so weird
the last blockbuster they went from 4855
stores in 2008 to one store in 2018 that
is the craziest demolition of a business
I've ever heard I would have never heard
of what other business in our lifetimes
vanished like that like I said like I've
come like a storefront I can't think of
something that that went away the whole
industry yeah on it was Johnny was a
part of our huge weekend yeah you go to
Blockbuster a huge what do they got
right oh you hear anything about this
he'd look at the cover my oh I never
even heard of this one ever saw maybe
it's good watching like obscure Dolph
Lundgren movies that were made in Italy
yeah you would you get to pick out shit
that you're like oh this looks kind of
dope we'll see didn't gamble was fun the
name meant a lot yeah like it was like
this guy from Dances with Wolves oh how
can that cool you'll take a chance yeah
you well but I think that's happening
again now with Netflix I'll take a
chance with shit now that I've should
have never heard of because Netflix you
pop up all these different titles and
you'll go mmm I'll try this fucking shit
I just started a new show I just tried
to show and it's called dead to me with
christina applegate
christina applegate yeah it's okay but
like I try I'll try it I would have
never think to to to watch this new show
about these you know this have you gone
through all these staples at Netflix ed
did you watch ozarks yet done watch the
ball season yeah nominal one of the best
shows I've ever seen
did you watch unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt
now I've seen a few episodes of it but I
fucking hilarious you it's a people like
it but I love that show so it's got the
same kind of tone as 30 rock right does
it oh yeah hey it's Tina again phase in
it - oh she is yeah sometimes she plays
these wacky psychologists it's out of
her fucking mind likes to party
yeah she crazy she has some of the best
character development man that's my 30
rock was so good that show is funny man
Kimmy Schmidt is funny all right oh well
I'll watch it I'll try good try it just
it just didn't seem like my show
it's absurd yeah give it a chance right
becomes really it's really good it was
like some dull moments and one of those
series but they tighten it up quick they
whatever problem they had with writing
they fixed it real quick right well I
mean first seasons are always hard man
but I mean just writing is hard yeah
writing for a sitcom so hard they hit
rut sometimes you know yeah like
sometimes I'll watch old Seinfeld's when
they pop on and some of the episodes are
just fuckin flawless they're bangers
like the B stories just as funny as a
story and then sometimes you watch a few
and you're like mm yeah they were like
they had a tough week tunic you could
tell they had a tough go I remember that
feeling with the news radio I remember
like episodes were just like ooh well we
did our best notice how there was with
this one yeah they just don't and then
you'll have the next one that's just
insane and a lot of times it's it's like
stand up in that sense that a lot of
times it's just like the subjects like
what are the subjects like what what
juicy topic do you have right you know
what uh what what is happening and like
you just yeah you have to have something
that engages people and sometimes it's
sitcoms like fuck you have to put out
twenty-something episodes a year yeah
twenty-two 23 right 23 short stories of
the year that's crazy make them all tie
in and have a nice little kind of a
perfect through lines of season I know
what nowadays a lot of people are
relying on on politics which i think is
you know it's becoming the new norm
every time I see a billboard now it's a
new political show it's like Wyatt Cenac
just got one Jordan Klepper who was a
Daily Show correspondent he just got
another one Hasan Minhaj I mean there's
like so many political shows now they
they should all be writing letters
thanking Trump it's like Trump is really
fueling all these new shows if weren't
for him it was like this new wave of
political satire I don't think I've ever
I've seen this in comedy in my career
I've never seen this many shows about
politics Samantha bee I mean I just
named five in a row yeah John Oliver
show is right that last week tonight or
whatever that's essentially a political
base show it's it's slightly political
but it's very social - yeah it is this
point popping out sure it's fucked up
right in a week I mean listen he's
brilliant and somebody
shows are probably great I just think
there's so much political comedy right
now it's just it's not my shit no
Oliver's excellent yeah he's a it's the
whole thing is what's what's
uncomfortable is that it's very they're
very little conversations taking place
and a lot of people that are like really
angry yeah you know yeah I was watching
this guy is something some
representative I don't even know his
name but he was offering $100 to name
the these girls that were in front of a
Planned Parenthood and he's like a grown
man these they're girls they're young
Christian girls what do you name them as
in like all their names so he could
shame them publicly cool is this guy's
name it and but he's offering on this
video a hundred dollars like but this is
where people have gotten to where they
think that that's okay yeah like these
people you have like gee I know you're
there to support a woman's right to
choose but you have to understand that
these people think that this is a place
where they kill babies yeah right this
is what they think whether regardless of
what you think right this is why they're
there they're not there because they're
evil right and I know that this would
put unwanted pressure on a girl's going
there for an abortion I get it I get the
whole thing yeah I get it from your side
and I see where they're coming from too
and although I fully support a woman's
right to choose you you can't want to
Doc's people that think they're saving
babies or talking someone into having a
child that and that child they think
will become the kind of relationship
with that child and that mother become
like their mother and them or like the
ideal version of that sure I mean that's
what they're not doing it because
they're bad people right like there's
some groups that do it just because
they're pieces of shit like the Westboro
Baptist Church like they shoe things
because they're bad people like all they
want to do is go protest a soldier's
funeral they want to cause a stir
Megan Phelps who left them right that
got out yes yeah and now she did she met
a guy on Twitter it's a great story
right it's an amazing she's human again
well she started talking to people and
then investigating in real and dude
telling you when you talk to her she is
like the nicest most reasonable person
to think that just 15 years ago whatever
it was ten years ago she was a full-on
zealot that's weird and her dad or her
uncle grandfather brother Ken him get it
right her grandfather is fred phelps he
started the whole thing
he's the whole dude that old mean guy
but do you think it's fact
so you believe completely do you
completely buy into the fact that she's
100 years of it so none of that's a
she's so honest and open about what she
felt and why she felt it and why she was
conflicted and why I didn't jive with
what she was reading in the Bible it
didn't make sense to her right and in
the way he was doing it which she was
realizing was not how Christians did it
all over the world right and that this
this you know this desire to constantly
get attention in the news even at
soldiers funerals they would go to
soldiers funerals and say that these
soldiers are dying because gay people
are getting married yeah like what they
were saying they deserve to die they
deserve to be dead I mean that kind you
know but I'm telling you from that and
she's like the nicest person you would
ever want to meet so she's found some in
regulation in her world she realizes it
was bullshit and she's tricked and you
know she's done a great job to free
yourself but when you indoctrinate
someone heavily into anything and this
is whether it's being a religious zealot
or being a political zealot you
indoctrinate someone when they're early
in their their youth their formal years
it's very difficult for them to get out
of it it takes real work but that's what
I mean that's why I guess I'm saying it
sticks with you right like my whole
thing is there's things instilled in me
from my youth from where I grew up
culturally and how I grew up that even
though I'm more learned now I still do
understand those ways of thinking right
so it is hard to break away from those
things even though like when you just
said the whole like with a woman's right
to choose right like I grew up in the
Midwest I grew up Catholic this is how I
am most of my family is four so in so
many words against abortion mm-hmm but I
don't think these things are mutually
exclusive that you can be against
abortion and against women's right to
choose you can say that you don't like
abortion but also say I'm not going to
control what you do with your body it's
kind of how I feel I don't love the idea
of abortion
I'm being honest I just don't love it
but I do think I'm not gonna stand here
and tell people what to do
but I should be able to still say I
don't like it I don't think it's I don't
think it's a healthy thing to do I don't
really enjoy
I don't enjoy like the spreading of it
being kind of this not a big deal thing
but I do think people can do whatever
they fucking want to do but I'm also
allowed to go I don't I don't I don't
love the idea like I don't like it just
an option I just don't love it I don't
love it birth control is obviously the
best method yeah of course and I think
women should be more aware but women
when they take birth control man they
have to I'm not not advocating for
abortion as a method of birth control
but what I'm saying is when women take
birth control pills that shit fucks with
them they're not a good thing it's not
good and that I know and and when they
do it and they also smoke they can cause
like real complications you can so a lot
it means there's a lot of women have
really bad reactions to the pill changes
your behavior suicidal tendencies I've
heard a lot of like really bad stories
now I'm also saying if we want to look
at it from a different perspective
men should also take way more fucking
responsibility then like this is the
other side is this this argument tends
to land on women a lot where it's like
you don't tell me how to fucking you
don't tell a woman what to do with the
bodies okay that's fine I'm just saying
how I don't like it also I don't like
guys nothing in women and fucking
ghosting and not wanting to raise a
child right so I think the other side of
it is two parties here should be
responsible men should take some fucking
responsibility over stop coming inside
of these fucking people if you're not
ready to have kids I'm just being real
it's like either we're a condors or stop
stop stop doing the thing that you know
makes children yes so you know but again
this is this weird balance of like I say
I come from this and I'm not
conservative but like this really
Catholic upbringing in the Midwest you
know a good old Irish Catholic boy and
the ideas that you hear as a kid all the
time you then grow and I now go I think
people should be able to do whatever
they want to do I'm not gonna fucking
control somebody hmm but I still have
those little moments of yeah I just
don't love it though cuz it was
something that was instilled in me as a
youth mm-hmm you know I'm it's the same
way for years I felt guilty smoking pot
because that was like I'm
smoking pot for 20 years but I felt
guilty for a long time cuz my pet
because drugs were so bad
yeah it was just like this over well and
even today sometimes I get high and I go
shabby getting high hey do I have shit
to do do am i am i doing something wrong
no no I'm a grown up I have all my shit
together you're one of the few comedian
friends that I know that has this shit
together you're grown up trying to just
stay stay having my shit together yeah
it's a hard task though right
it's not easy especially for immature
dipshits like us yeah it's and Potts oh
this isn't supposed to have Nikki Glaser
had a funny she was on stage two in a
bit and she just had said this phrase
and I kept talking to her about it after
it she was like we don't deserve this
money and I was like what do you mean we
don't fucking we do and she's like we
just don't deserve this much money for
being so immature as I guess that's got
a true it's like we get to be clowny
kids and still make a good living
meanwhile a guy there's a guy there's an
electrician at my house the other day
the shit he was telling me I couldn't
fucking keep I mean he was sound he was
speaking fucking another language and I
had no I was like oh you have to have
another ground wire because the neutrals
are different now this is a two wire
system back in nineteen forty six you
got over three bar says going on and on
and on and on I was like you deserve
more money like you're worth more money
I don't know why I have more money than
you do you do much more important shit
it's all about with I guess with money
right it's all about reach you know what
we were talking about earlier today
about how much money Facebook and Google
and all these people make from ads and
how weird it is that like you look for
something then instantly those ads start
popping up instantly I'm referencing Sam
Harris's podcast again I don't remember
which one it was it was fairly recently
he had a guest on and they talked about
the the commodity of your data right the
commodity of your searches like what and
and who's selling that and how they're
how they're profiting off of that and
that this was like this commodity that
nobody thought they were giving up they
nobody thought there was anything to it
right and these companies have found
this loophole and have made billions of
dollars through it by giving you free
email by giving you a free web browser
by giving you free searches basically
providing you with all the information
in the world right what they want from
you is want to know what you're
interested in that's all this big deal
kind of like the real-world example
would be those trash companies that are
like you have a garage full of shit
we'll come pick it up for free right you
don't know what's in that fucking garage
right some people are so old they just
throw shit out and they go I just get
rid of it fuck it you know you know
those storage wars shows I guess yeah
fake yeah they do they set them up they
load up the stores yeah and they believe
we found a world war two helmet it's
Elvis's underwear was unbelievable yeah
they used to be real actually a few of
them were very real and then they got
caught online a bunch of people online
we're calling them out being like this
is bullshit this is fake I saw them
setting it up like they got they got
caught but they're gonna do that they
should find magic in there and yeah this
is fine shit storage wars where they go
in there and they find a leprechaun the
kept Rob makes one you disappear yeah
one person disappears and they have a
genie in a lamp and this could be worth
treat me like I'm really stupid have you
ever watched the show ghost hunters
do you know who our Ghost Adventures yes
do you know this guy zak bagans do you
know this guy i do not know him
personally
oh man he makes me laugh so fucking hard
because they've done like nine seasons
now I don't even know how many dozen I
found any girls come on man they have
all this great technology now that you
think that he believes in ghosts here's
the best part okay he is all in right I
love anybody it's all in whatever
they're doing to have to be okay host
he's all into adventure but also now
he's super self aware of their
popularity and of his character
caricature of himself so he does it now
on purpose he took off his shirt one
episode and he goes you want to fucking
fight me ghost let's fucking go do toe
up throw a fucking punch you're like
he's aware of his character that is this
bro a ghost fist fighter
this dude is Brendan Schaub has shop he
looks like he just got a long time Shane
Carwin sparring sessions like what yeah
he's still in the fight he's still out
of it
with the beard no no that is that dude
right there
so Zach where's ed hardy type of shirt
right he wears he's loud ridiculously
battered shirt right but he's you got to
see it do a more newer episode do
something from like 2009 to 18 you'll
see what he looks like now he's gotten
way more fucking jacked his hair his
hair is all flaked up you know he's got
like more Tanner on and shit
he's become do you think this becomes
super self-aware think that he believes
in ghosts no I think he's just self
aware of the product he's created really
that he understands now that's a
challenge I see the next whiskey ginger
podcast you me and Zach Zach Zach that's
him right there right like now he's like
Holly he looks like a Hollywood guy he's
got these big black frame glasses funny
like you can't he can't look any better
you know you don't allowing him to have
better style fucking good as fuck in
Hollywood his spiky hair he went
Hollywood the fart I'll tell you that's
the one thing I know I won't do is I'll
never get to a place when I'll be
wearing clothes where I used to make fun
of them like that like I remember going
this guy's wearing a fucking $900
t-shirt I know now I can't do that like
I can't I can't get I can't do that now
cuz I used to shit on it so much yeah
you have to mind by the rules of your
own well if I if I pushed it out there
for so long what's that he's got a nice
hats him yeah it looks good his hat
shaming set your buddy would say the
most recent photo Jamie that's do i zoom
in real quick I thought you're trying to
say some handsome fella cute guy Jamie I
want you to grow your facial hair just
like that do you really think do you
really think he doesn't believe in
ghosts
I think he does not believe in ghosts I
think he I think he loves the paranormal
right he loves the idea of the
paranormal Stan I think he loves the
idea of forces at nature happening
molecules energies around us all
influencing the way we act sure I don't
think he believes in actual apparitions
or what do they could they call him
spirits on his EVP we felt the spirit
they'll do this thing well they'll see a
little orb or a light this happens all
the time with cameras when you switch to
night vision and not these little de
flecks of dusk kind of reflect light off
the lenses
and he'll go put an orb and they'll you
know watch it float through the lens and
he's obsessed about these orbs they
enter the orb and he does this voiceover
shit yeah lots a fucking joke
I get hide i watch it it's maybe one of
my favorite things what's the Jamie
you're a photographer what's the
scientific explanation for those little
balls that show up in photographs what
is it I don't have the knowledge for
that but I it could be explained lots of
different ways it's mostly probably like
a light flare of some kind
just breaths because there's just no
stammered through that so few signs but
like in this lens here there's like five
different pieces of glass so there's
just at whatever angle you're holding it
depending on where the light source is
coming from it it might create an
artifact which would be alright so if
you're dealing with a really nice camera
like that one but what about like with
one of them bullshit one of those
zipping and shoot ones that's like less
just why there would be some one that is
probably because it's less it's less
good it's it's less and not the right
word but uh less technology in there I
don't know I don't know I can't explain
honestly well what we should because
orbble of ours right now freaking out my
god there are angels anytime an orb
passes near a human he'll go watch Joe's
reaction as the orb goes behind his head
yeah and you change your eyes it was
amazed you don't believe in fucking
ghosts do I believe in every you don't
believe in comes all in with everything
knock that foot scatter back scatter the
artifact can result from the back
scatter or retro reflection of light
from airborne solid particles such as
dust or part but I sell it or liquid
droplets especially rain or mist it can
also be caused by foreign material
within the camera's lens so these dots
are blurred images of dust particles M
night shamalamadingdong should make a
movie and in that movie about it should
be called call him that anymore that's
really rude is it though it's kind of
funny
I'm not its Shyamalan that's his fucking
Shamma Lamma that you racist what's
wrong with you man
he makes him good goddamn movies God he
takes some crazy risks but I love The
Sixth Sense that was a great fuck come
on every I love the Village People
didn't like that and see I thought the
village the end of it I was like where
what about Plains what they they they
don't they don't show any planes going
over big it would have to be yeah avoid
all the planes well they have to be
nasty places where nobody's remote cuz
they made it out to the road and then
instantly they got to the road people
like hey they're like st. Louis is like
right there you know what I like those
ghosts no devil the one was in the
elevator yeah day yeah that was a good
one
yeah it was good those good it's good he
takes chances like hey wait that's this
reminds me of Utah when you talk about
that island that private island do you
sense in a lot sense sense or sensible
north central island yeah planes still
fly over that or no are they not allowed
as a restricted airspace I don't think
it's restricted no but you can't land
there and you can't circle right you
can't visit India owns it right doesn't
it doesn't
India control the leaves yeah and it's
like ten mile radius mm-hmm I saw a
thing online I said a boat crash there
and you could still see on Google Images
the remnants of the boat yeah they came
for the people in the boat too and the
helicopters got them off the boat right
as the people were like pulling up and
oh so they lit rafts and shit yeah fuck
yeah they they live but those the
villages were coming for them Wow yeah
can you imagine stumbling across a
village
they've been fucked with sometime in the
past you know that commander Maurice
Vidal Portman yeah yeah shout-out to
respectable law on Twitter he has a
giant thread about it it may be pinned
on the top of his Twitter page but
explaining like one of the reasons why
those people are so hostile right and it
has to do with this British explorer who
was really kinky and he went there to
fuck yeah who knows he wanted to fucking
Island he has what he did but people got
sick because of them you know this I had
this guy Graham Hancock
yeah and he was talking to me about all
the different shit they're finding in
the Amazon and in South America and that
they used to be 20 million people that
lived in the Amazon and they died off
because of sickness they were visited
mostly apparently Europeans when they
came in like the 1500s they would tell
these incredible stories about these
huge civilizations in the Amazon
but then when explorers came back 200
years later there was nothing there and
they were like this is crazy they they
lied they must have lied but it turns
out they didn't lie what happened was
smallpox ran through the fucking jungle
and like everybody we did it and then
these the jungle just overtook these
cities and now they're finding these
cities with something called lidar they
use these planes and they circle over
this area or helicopters whatever the
fuck they do and they shoot this shit
down this lidar it's like laser radar
and it gives you a detailed image of
what's below the surface and what's
their shit and it shows them all these
crazy structures all these like like
roadways and irrigation systems and
circles inside of a square like it was
villages and cities and millions of
people probably lived there look at it
that's all stuff they're finding not
yeah and all of it was swallowed up by
the jungle they think within like a
hundred years just vanished in the
jungle Wow
because it's so so lush and tropical
down there dude it was the one of the
most amazing podcasts I've ever done to
listen in that guy tell this story right
after this one though no you are the
best
this is kind of well this is like it
this is like the findings of Atlantis
right like when they started finding you
start finding some more land under
missing this they've found traces of
five drugs including dimethyltryptamine
on a thousand-year-old South American
ritual KMT basically that's like proof
positive evidence that at least 1,000
years ago they were using ayahuasca Wow
this was the drug pouch that was made
from Fox and outs that's so crazy fuck
knows it literally when you see it it
looks like an O they used everything and
the first reason it looks really nice a
nose I wonder why they do that with a
fox
it's
like some cleverness so know that that's
what a shaman that's like literally what
a shaman is supposed to that's what the
the definition is supposed to be in
certain cultures huh sure certain
cultures it's a clever fellow that's who
the the shaman is okay it kind of makes
sense they are just clever fellows but I
mean imagine that like he takes a fox
that clever little fucker I'm gonna take
his face in his face
chipmunk cheeks Yeah right oh good yeah
little powdered sugar pouches that hangs
from your belt is just chipmunk cheeks
what about the dumbest animal you could
have stuff in what would be the worst
Hannah little put stuff in skunks yeah
skunks are the fucking work raccoons our
records are actually kind of smart you
know do you know skunks are predators
those little creeps they are yeah yeah
brother they were coming from my
chickens oh yeah they try to eat your
chickens you want to kill your chickens
they skunk up this for this spray and
shit no they're just there to kill they
they only spray things when things come
near them when they're an or when
they're about to die right that's the
threat when they think they're gonna die
they just admit that yeah it's like so
many animals are able to do that we're
like one of the only species that don't
know how to fake death to avoid actually
dying right a lot of species will hide
or change colors or shapes or amid
something to give the other species the
the the thought that they are dead or
deceased or that they've you know
they're gone
we don't do we don't we're the owners
Donal if you're running away from a
fight you can't just pretend to be dead
and then they'll stop fucking you fuck
you up well human beings oh well I think
humans and chimps - they want
retribution yeah they want revenge
we love vengeance man that's like our
favorite thing in the world yeah a guy
almost fucking hit me four times today I
wish I got his license plate I call him
out on here hunt and he was cutting me
off he kept trying to hit like hit my
car after I why he cut me off in a big
like f-350 truck and then I gave him one
of these fucking hog like dude I mean
just miss my car you know then I move on
well he pulls over next to me gives me
the finger and then tries to like pull
in my fucking lane like he's if he's
gonna hit my car out of ism I was like
okay he just knows he just knows his car
hits my car his car has barely any
damage on it he knows a big f-350 truck
his tire is the size of my fucking car
he was a dick but he wanted shit so it's
like now vindictively I hope I see him
again like now I just want to fucking
see him again somewhere in the city just
just this guy I want to have that moment
with him again see him outside of his
fucking big truck that's funny yeah we
love we like I I I don't hold grudges
like Bobby Lee and I were talking about
it Bobby holds the biggest grudges on
earth he has some of the worst I mean
he's like 20-year grudges really oh my
god yeah Bobby Lee ask him about it he
genuinely when someone does the wrong
thing to him like I'm not talking like
makes a bad mistake
when someone does something where you're
like that's fucked up that can fuck up a
friendship he will hold that against you
for the rest of time that's it that's it
where some people would go whatever man
I forgive you shit happens
mmm now he's he holds a fuckin garage
did bad that little tiny ball rice ball
has a lot of fucking vengeance inside is
he's my little dumped how dare you know
I'm allowed to say that man I'm allowed
to say that because I because I used to
own Bobby
I used to buy bought him for a month how
much did it cost sixty five grand
that's a lot you anything and you have
to feed him he doesn't really require
that much food then why does he get to
own you that's part of the deal right he
won't do for a month ten years later
yeah ten years later he owns you for a
whole model of me for a month yeah then
he's gonna be stewing on it for ten
years that okay ah you can own me for
one month yeah and I'll do it over the
fuck you want but then I own you for one
month ten years from now that's a great
movie by the way there's a crazy deal
it's alive meanwhile like nine years
later dudes just drinking and
chain-smoker try to kill for a month
there'll be like indentured servitude
right mostly was people that were too
poor to make journeys or to do something
so they would give up a certain amount
of like they would make a contract like
they would work for someone for a
certain amount of time right that's
essentially how it was set up yeah I
mean that's basically that's what it is
right basically saying like but it's
yeah is it like a slate I mean I guess
the conditions probably varied you know
one of the grossest ones I've ever saw
was
a vise did a piece about Dubai I believe
it was and about some people who are
unscrupulous construction people would
take these folks in from third world
countries and promised them all this
money to work there and then they take
their passports away from them and then
pay them a fraction of what they're
supposed to pay for them so they're
trapped and they were living in squalor
trapped they don't have their passport
anymore during the wrong human
trafficking is what it is I mean it's
the same as when they do to these young
girls they had these girls come over the
United States you know I think it was a
documentary on Netflix about these like
young Russian models right Nicki these
girls modeling contracts they live in a
you know like a four bedroom apartment
two girls to a room right and they
essentially you know fuck them around
for a little while with small little
weird maybe random gigs and then they're
like hey if you want to make more money
you could always sell your body or sell
pictures of you nude makes way more
money and they think it's kind of part
of this modeling thing and this is like
a Content I think it was a I think was
on Netflix but it was all about these
girls getting trapped and they can't go
back they don't have enough money and
this this modeling aging agencies these
were these man and manager agencies
there well we have to keep your money
and we'll give you like a salary so to
speak we pay your rent will give you
food it sounds horrible but if it was
dudes I wouldn't care at all yeah these
five handsome guys came over from Russia
looking to get some pussy and drive
Ferraris but it wasn't really working
out for them to like get a job the job
that's what you yeah the fuck did you
think is gonna happen you're just gonna
get pussy and Ferraris get out of here
bro okay I'm good-looking I thought this
would make me make me listen I'm sorry I
can't give you any modeling gaze but if
you want to make some money fuck this
old lady so so how much for two grand
for me she's my girl and you fuck that
old lady okay so you got to do do I have
to come or just hang with her for a
while he's gotta go she has to she asked
him I have to work with her today she
come
yeah see I work with her okay yeah be a
good act but no eating pussy I can't do
that oh you have to eat pussy I have to
yeah three grand they don't even shave
old ladies they gave up okay so eat
hairy bush for two grand I'll do
grand 3 grand I would imagine right
how much sympathy would you have
otherwise to show gigolo that was on
Showtime I didn't but I know shop
watched it I know Tom and Christina
loved it a lot why is it that shop we're
on the road so they stick it ran its
course is on flex of the guys by the way
every TV show I've done is only gone for
like two years but gigolos gets Jesus
Christ that is crazy it's a very that's
a very good tell by the way there's like
not a lot of these these uh this whole
like the culture of male gigolos I think
they said percentage-wise
it's like unbelievably smaller these
guys that get into the gigolo world and
stay they all get they get in they get
out most women I get into sex work last
significantly longer than these dudes
Wayne wait long for very you know varied
reasons but I think the gigolo thing is
kind of like a moment in a man's life
where he's like okay I'm not you fucking
try it some young like fun-loving
free-for-all it's like open mind I'll
just give it a whirl then he gets right
out I don't think that happens for girls
at all I think women stay in sex would
you feel bad for some dude who was
working as a gigolo and his pimp was
Suge Knight and his pimp was making them
go out there be that pussy know how to
make that money the website for it I
just know the website for it yeah that's
really good poetry this guy what's going
on up in Armani
what's going on with he works at the
coffee shop around the corner from my
house why is he wearing a shirt like
that that's Assad says look dude Bradley
Lord if you could sling dick and get
paid good luck to you look some people
yeah do it some people out there working
as a masseuse that do not like touching
people okay tell me how much different
that is that's a bummer though how much
different is that then being able to be
a guy wear nice shirts like that and
occasionally got a bang broads you don't
want to wear a nice shirt no horrible
look you get some no fun with the world
could be worse
do you remember Richard Gere wasn't he a
gigolo in one of his movies who is he
didn't you have a movie called gigolo
we'd like bang old ladies I don't know
if it's called gigolo but yeah I think
it was called gigolo
that's right and how much boy you must
love this shit did you yeah you know my
gear was up there banging ladies here's
what they don't tell you most of that
money in that gigolo world is sucking
dick okay you want to go out there and
suck that dick you can make that money
but if you just want to bang old ladies
whoa look at the difference that's when
he was young that's when he was how it
got to be like 20 to 23 he was pretty
young and handsome and then father Tom
done fucking molly-whopped my time got
him Marvin Hagler on Thomas Hearns third
round I remember when he went on stage
in New York after 9/11 who did the
Richard Gere did and was trying to tell
the audience that they should choose
love and that went on state state we're
on stage she was on stage at some sort
of a benefit Oh red for 911 yeah it's
right after 9/11 and he was saying
essentially that you know great message
just at the time people were just
bloodthirsty and they booed him they're
like fuck you what is he saying fuck you
it's basically saying let's not have
military action more people shouldn't
die because of some things rights people
did to us he's saying try to figure out
a different way to do this yeah yeah I
mean he's a Buddhist I believe I mean
he's really like he's really close pals
with the Dalai Lama
yeah but but but in the interest of
talking about what we're talking about
revenge means a lot it's kind of hard to
tell America to not get revenge on
somebody right we love revenge well yeah
well we love getting back people that
try to fuck with us even if we go even
if we go way deeper than they did we're
warlike monkeys yeah we love it when we
we wasn't when we think we're being
attacked like retribution and revenge is
who were just talking about earlier
about chimps chimps do that too yeah
natural it's yeah it's nature nature
nature you want to get revenge
motherfuckers like we were talking about
that guy who got ripped apart by the
chimp right to bring a birthday cake
dude see other chimps that did it
because they were jealous they were
angry that jealous of never getting that
birthday cake didn't get shit and
someone fucked up and left the gate open
and they came out fuck that dude up he
risked his limbs off it tore his face
part just because he wouldn't give them
didn't bring cake for them with a female
chimp
now there man where's my cake losing it
cake must be so must've been good ass
fucking cake to do a chimp that doesn't
understand what cake is like how the
fuck did you do this but they do
understand what cake is right will they
understand it once you get it to him the
gem yeah it's something it's it's that's
like a powerful or be brought that's how
you won we're in Costa Rica and there's
monkeys everywhere they're crazy cool
cool ass monkeys but they're a little
sketchy I know I got married down there
and oh you did Costa Rica yeah yeah
they're out they're out of their fucking
mind
we were hanging out with them and
there's a thing called a quwata Monday
you know what that is now they look like
a like a raccoon monkey thing it's a
weird creature a ronke and they would
come up we were staying at this resort
and they would just come right down the
the pathway to where you're your
daughter your room was as they just hang
out with you like these quad Mondays
just hang out you could feed them grapes
and shit they would take them right out
of your hands yeah but it like no danger
at all they were like super chill and
friendly so we gave this koala Mundi
some grapes and then he laid down and
took a nap under my chair I just took a
fucking that's like a dog it was a dog
like the most chill dog of all time and
my god damn these things are cool like
we were just sitting there just check oh
go ahead buddy tickets take a nap you're
safe here again some grapes and people
want to want chimps at their house
people love the idea of having them so
the monkeys came over and we only had
that's what a quarter Monday looks like
dude they're the shit there's they're
such cool little animals it does kind of
look racoon ish my daughter's gave him a
fake name like they were calling him a
kinkajou they just decided to call to
kinkajou likes more fun yeah nature's
made their own word up I think I don't
think that's real word a lot of Monday
but that little guy was so cool
such an interesting little fella when
you just will gently take grapes right
out of your hand gently right the most
chill dog of all time so anyway we we
were out of grapes and these monkeys
showed up and they're they're like
hanging out like a little looking like
what do you got for us these guys hungry
no real month oh oh that's not a monkey
that's like a I don't know what that is
I don't know what a quwata Monday is
what family is what is that anyway we
gave these Mikey like I don't know if we
should give these monkeys
oreos it's kind of fucked up but it's
not good for them I looked at one of
them only had one hand like well that's
not good for him either fucking hand bit
off gave him that he snatched it from me
and he opened it up and then started
chewing the white stuff just like the
cream yeah he's one of us but he already
knew about he knew dick he's probably
getting Oreos for his whole life
from people that stay at the resort he
knows the trick yeah he knew what the
fuck to do hold you well they make you
at this you know they're all open-air
houses you rent on the beach you know
that everything's pretty open except for
the bedroom is the only thing that's
closed off and they had latch locks
padlocks on the refrigerator and I was
like what he guys locked that up and
they're like the monkeys know how to get
into all that shit they know how to open
the door and then get in the drawers
he's like dude they knew how to they
know how to open up egg cartons they
know how to open the lid and take eggs
and close the lid I'm not kidding he's
that they're that smart so in the middle
of the night the first night that we
were there I I hear the gate kind of
rustling and then I hear movement and
I'm like someone's in the fucking huh
cuz it's on the beach it's wide open so
of course I like grab something is the
biggest thing I could find next man I'm
out there like hey hey you know like a
nut bag in my fucking ah I'm yelling of
course I look it's just monkeys chillin
trying to like get shit in the house
they're trying to find shit laying
around food drinks whatever it was and
of course I go back to bed and every
night I would hear them come and go but
you'd hear them try the refrigerator
they even pulling on it to see if the
latch was like if we left it unlocked
they're smart they look they learn they
learn all the little tricks of where you
put stuff cabinets I could hear a
cabinets opening and closing yeah they
were smart man that's so weird it's like
a little person it is most a little
sneaky yeah it'll be fuck using and they
and they put purposely up up in this
place that I was at they purposely
string wire from house to house to house
so the monkeys kind of had freedom to go
up above because if they would go down
by the road it would cause more traffic
and disturbances and all that stuff so
they keep them up in the canopy so they
put rope purposely house to house and
treat a tree that humans put up so they
have easier pathways to get down to the
water because they say when they're down
on the ground it's more distracting
there's you know it's a lot harder to
drive they
they create little messes down below so
if they keep them up high it's better
for them it was crazy man Wow a little
creature they can swing from tree to
tree they fly up and down treetops like
that from shit just what most like
people sometimes you I see one just hang
and it'll be staring right at you but
they're almost like people they're so
good that are that a right fucking there
well the weird the weirdest thing is
that if if evolution is happening all
the time I'll give this little monkey is
him breaking into a house yeah watch
watch this watch how smart look if it
give me those chips I love these fucking
chips I love that it looks like he's
looking right out the person - yeah he
is
oh wow he just takes off with the chips
dude they know which ones they eat them
they know what you want to say like guys
just be nice to him what happens if you
feed him you can't no they tell you not
to feed him what happens because well
then they know to keep coming back and
where they can get food you like monkeys
no they say if they interview and they
say if you don't reduce when you stop
feeding them after you fed them enough
then they start to get aggressive so
then you shoot one you send a message
right and then they all come back and
get a lot of fucking 12-gauge and you
blow the little face off one of those
cunts and you make you're trying to go
hey you guys want free food you'll get
it but you get it on my arms Magni go
back inside you just described a plot
for Planet of the Apes
it's literally like the plot get them
hooked you get them hooked yeah you bait
that I'm hooked on food yeah you bait
them there's a lot of places like that
where where animals are dependent on
people they were depending on people to
feed them it's it's a little squirrely
like what there's a place in I think
it's Jamaica where people swim with wild
pigs know why yeah now wild pigs
generally avoid people yeah they don't
want have anything to do with you yeah
they're dangerous yes sketchy yeah wild
boars are nuts yeah but in this place
people have been feeding these things
for so long they have trips like tourist
trips right where people fly in feed
these pigs and swim around with them hey
guys so they got wild pigs that are
constantly being fed by people but a
friend of a friend went there and
someone they were with got bit oh yeah
I've heard they beat them in the ass a
bit one of the one of the pigs bit them
in the ass and it was because they
didn't have any food or something like
that they didn't offer him anything you
have to keep feeding them throughout the
whole thing
you all about that they that they get
really ornery they get really annoyed
fuck you fucking fuck you just drown it
just put it right under no bro those
they're strong now they are you can't
fuck with it's just a creepy animal
because they're beautiful and they're
sweet and the like pigs are there a
weird one and I was there look at school
look I'm a dog lover I love dogs now
pigs are almost like a dog and maybe
smarter clothes they're probably
definitely smarter but they like the way
that we react to people and like if you
feed them and you're their friend you
become their buddy but are you against
eating them
no but also looks have killed them I
know they're little wild ones but wild
ones are different man right because
they're out there hustling ok they don't
they're not in this fucking pen getting
slop all day trying to fatten them up
right it's hard to get fat out there
they're out there is much more lean meat
out there they're much leaner but
they're also vicious man they're vit to
grow these giant tusks they have these
big fucking fangs and the crazy thing is
there's the same species as a domestic
pit right it's the same man just once
ones ones pampered and ones not exactly
ring up have you ever seen javelinas do
you know what happens are so in Arizona
a peccary well when I saw those it looks
just like a pig yeah that was my friend
when I first moved to Arizona I saw one
and I was like oh what the fuck is that
thing and my buddy was like no no don't
go that they they'll come right at you
they will fucking go for your legs bad
because they're real low to the ground
but he's like they'll start spearing you
and they'll come at your legs and one
time I was valeting in college and I was
up away and then up in the mountain and
it's some dudes you know some private
huge private residence and they're with
packs I mean packs of them and I could
hear them rustling around and they were
like positioning themselves because I
was we were part in cars where they were
living and I was like we can't park cars
up there you can tell they started to
get aggressive and jumping and diving at
the cars yeah they were getting annoyed
man I was like we can't go back up there
we're gonna get fucked up by these
little bullshit pigs you know we're
stanhope lives out in Bisbee which is
real close to the border they have them
all over the place they're everywhere
they killed one of his friends dog they
do kill dog they well they they're known
to kill cats more but yeah they do kill
dogs because dogs are about depend on
the size of your dog they're some of
those some dogs could fuck those things
up because they're not that big but they
they're known as murder cats it was a
small dog I think I think they flanked
it and just came at it from the sides of
or rip apart a dog what do you do when
someone something like that kills your
dog are you out with a shotgun trying to
find the rest of them dude I was trying
to kill coyotes up they ate my chickens
and I don't give I mean I loved chickens
like they're cute they're my friends but
when they died a couple them died of
just natural causes
yeah oh poor little guy but if my dog
died I'd be really sad you know I mean
there's a it's a different relation so
when these coyotes killed my chickens i
sat out there on the porch with a bow
and a rangefinder waiting to fuck them
up for days I even tied one of the dead
chickens that they killed to a pot like
you know that you would plant yes in
what are you doing Jamie the pot that
you plant things in and I sat in the
middle of the yard as bait right and I
sat up there waiting David one of them
came and my daughter screamed out a
coyote you know my goddamn teeth right
on like I had that motherfucker
yeah that's it was inside of these
inside of 40 yards and he was creeping
in I was like all I had to do is get to
my spot and I would probably got shot
yeah how 40 yards that's a far away whoa
he was at 40 yards when my daughter
screaming oh shit well then there's like
freaked out fuck I stayed up there for a
few hours longer what's the what's the
furthest that you can feel comfortable
hitting a target that's a little target
you know there's a difference between
something that's the size of a coyote
coyote is only like they're not paying
their body might be like a foot a foot
and a half yeah they're not big at all
the other time from top to bottom so
we're trying to if you're trying to hit
them in the vitals you don't have a lot
to aim at it's a very specific dot yeah
you want to be you'd want to be fairly
close I think about that all the time
law with a rifle you could shoot him
loud that's nothing that's something
totally different I'm trying to kill him
I only grew up shooting rifles I never
shot a gun until I was in my 20s but
rifles I was so used to shooting I got
so accustomed to shooting it and then I
try to bow once and that was
unbelievably fucking hard you should
learn it'd be fun for you can always
come here and pry out come next time
John Dudley comes into town I'll have
them hook you up
I'm Teachman here and you did love it
man not even like to go hunting but just
to shoot targets it's really fun and I
like
though that game out due to yeah that
game out there that I have that uh
techno hunky once you get into that and
start playing that once your should add
a screen yes yeah once you're fuckin
good at so fun I had Corey Anderson UFC
light heavyweight he's a hunter I had
him here the other day and II was
playing it is it good he's really good
but you could tell like right he
practice it's a fuckin elite athlete
fighter so he's got this discipline
mindset right he's and you know he's
just on the ball but you could say right
away when you're playing him like oh my
god is so addictive I'm like this is the
most addictive game of all time once you
started it's hard to get let it go if
you're an actual bow hunter you you only
get to shoot a thing like a couple times
a year yeah you know if you're going a
lot if you're going a lot like the idea
that you're gonna shoot a lot of like if
you're some Remy Warren type character
or Cameron Haynes yeah you'll shoot a
bunch of deer a year and you live off
those that's what he does though yeah
but if you're a regular person like you
think how many deer you think you're
gonna find how many deer you think you
gonna sneak up on if you're lucky wanted
to you know like the moment when it
happens it's such a big moment you like
fuck here it is here it is trying to
stay calm try and stay calm but with
that thing you're shooting at them all
the time it's just fun so it's in your
head right so like what I'm seeing is
this animal moves and moves into the
pocket boom the release pop and it hits
it perfect and you see it over and over
and over and over and over again
so what you learn from martial arts or
what you learn from stand-up it's the
same thing that applies to bow hunt
right it's about repetition the more you
can do it and the more you see it over
and over and over again right the more
that pattern becomes your mind so that
game for a guy like Corey or someone
like me you bow hunts that games like
holy shit this is what I've been looking
for right see a real animal walk into
range and that because you always want
to be ethical right you want to be able
to shoot the right animal you want to be
able to hit it exactly where you want
where it expires very quickly right the
best way to do that is no sufferings so
this game is just super addictive
what's a call with a game called it's
called techno hunt techno on and you you
score against each other so if you and I
were playing you like you give 10 points
for a bull's-eye eight points for the
vitals you
get like five points for headshots worth
a shot no no it would have to be a very
small something about headshots learning
like playing gun games first-person
shooter games over the years headshots
are always the most rewarded thing like
a headshot but you don't want to do that
with an animal you do if you have a
rifle and you want it to die
instantaneous and it is a it's the way
they do it that some hunters that are
chefs do it when they like hunters who
are chefs there's there's two different
kinds of hunters right there's hunters
that eat the meat and they but they want
they want to shoot amateur animal
because that's what everybody strives
for like if you're a skilled hunter like
you're a Stephen Rinella or someone like
that what you're trying to get is an old
wise animal right it's already spread
its DNA
yeah and it's mature and it's probably
the end of its breeding cycle that's
what a guy like that wants what he's
he's like the ultimate hunter right what
he wants is the the most fair chase he's
never hunts in high fence operations the
most fair chase the wildest animal and
he wants to get the oldest mature one
but then there's chefs and chefs believe
some of them do it's very debatable that
the younger animals taste better than
the older animals so they're not trying
to get an old mature animal they're
trying to get a young tender animal that
isn't like fully muscled life and right
worn out with yeah you you want
something you want some still tenderness
to it some softness to the muscle but
then there's people like Hank Shaw who's
a also a world-famous chef who's also a
hunter who prefers older animals cuz he
thinks there's like there's flavor to
them and there's life to them like that
they're aging and all their life
experience that comes out if you cook
them correctly right it just requires a
different sort of preparation right it's
kind of like it's kind of like a young
woman versus older women mmm like young
women have a lot of positives about them
but older women have just as many
positives about them older women that
have liked more flavor that's what you
want right you want a chick who's like
yeah who didn't give a 6 plus who hits
the gym every day that's trust me
i-i've had this conversation about the
whole night cuz one if we stop working
out it's over I say if we stop working
for like we if we stop exercising and
caring about our health it's all there
it's over that's we use of fact no I
mean like I wanted a sign I wanted my
one of my lawyer as a joke to sign a
document it says if we if we get fat
it's like free and clear gone but I mean
it if she gets fat about if I get that
she should be out if either of us break
this thing that we're doing together
what if it brings you closer that we've
that she gets fat enough to worry about
body image anymore
fuck yeah just let yourself go fuck that
come on
fuck that shit hey hey shaming yeah I
know you don't watch show you fat fuck I
can't believe you I just think I think
we've made a bond together we made a
pact we're like we both want to stay
relatively healthy and take care of
ourselves so in our older years like my
parents are both in really great shape
because they've cared their whole lives
not to a point of like you know not
having fun they still have a great
fucking time but no but just named Steve
consistent with a caring about what you
put in your body and the way you work at
us simple shit so yeah if she gets fat
by if I get that she's by 2 if I get
fucking fat she's gone she even said it
she was like I'll leave your fat ass
being fat is such a weird one that
people call people fat who aren't fat
right I mean fucking no but I'm just
saying like as an insult it's such a
weird one it is because like girls will
call girls fat like that fat bitch look
at our like I was not fat no what you
think it's a dick it's a loogie you you
fat fuck the guys who say that the guys
that like barely have any fat on that
fuck you know the cheeseburger Jamie you
for that fat fuck that it's an easy day
yeah it's an easy insult dude I had a
girl call me fat at the comp there's a
video of it online a girl calling me fat
at the Comedy Store to pull up my
recently show my six-pack no like what a
long time now I was like you're just
crazy but it was like am i fat like what
where you coming up with that you're
fucking you're fat I bet you're we it's
a weird thing the the the fact that the
body can carry excess tissue yeah it's a
mistake like I get it it's a good way to
store fuel
it's a point why he's still hungry what
kind of shitty system do we have you're
this big and you're still hungry didn't
the tank bother you should say hey bro
bro bro bro stop we got the fuel but it
does not put your body's working off
carbohydrates that's a problem right
it's not burning fat no that's why that
whole ketogenic diet works as much as
people don't like to think that it does
I know there's so much controversy about
that
like from non-scientist which is
hilarious if you talked to actual
scientists like Dom D'Agostino who
talked to you about the peer-reviewed
research that's been done on ketogenic
States and all the different benefits
and what you know how it could be
healthy and how he does it and ketones
esters and all these different factors
you have to take into consideration the
ketone testing and blood testing there's
all these knuckleheads saying it's bad
for you it's not a good idea like Julian
Michael's like it's not a good idea
right it's a normal state it's a normal
state for your body to burn fat
yeah and in it you have more clarity and
you also you're not as hungry you're not
as hungry during the day right might my
problem with it is I don't think it's
the best thing for performance I think
like you have a little bit more energy
if you burn glucose to because even like
the top there's a Zack bitter he
wouldn't win though American he ran 20
he ran a hundred miles in like 11 hours
around a track these guys that could do
this shit it was some crazy record two
miles and I need to chill for a minute
some crazy some crazy record for under
mile record he broke 11 hours 40 minutes
a hundred fucking miles now he is on
primarily a carnivore diet all meat all
meat rib eyes and barely barely any meat
and fat barely any greens right barely
any greens but then when he competes he
takes a lot of glucose like he'll take
like glucose gel like those gels as a
child packets and those the runners use
yeah he he pounds in that shit pounds in
the carbs so he could burn that off too
right you know cuz he's living off like
fat
and protein but when he competes he
doesn't do that and the thing I think
that's the key you're saying when he
competes he does use the glucose but
when he's done competing he does right
then he goes back to putting his body in
a fight a fat-burning state it's uh it's
just pure fun of our diets are kind of
crazy that like you just just meet
mm-hmm but nothing else it's all the
ain't man I know Jordan Peterson has
done it now for over a year and he
released his blood work or the results
of his blood work at least everything's
in range everything's healthy everybody
takes a supplemental vitamin nothing he
doesn't do anything
he eats steak with salt on it and he
drinks water and I'm telling you that's
if he listen to me man if he gets a
Perrier with lime in it he'll spit it
out he doesn't want the lime in a
fucking parry and yes crazy that's too
much lost 50 pounds 50 50 pounds lost 50
pounds he had some serious immunological
issues immunological said that'll work
you know yeah it sounds made up yeah I
don't know he had serious immune
deficiency he had immune deficiency you
mean illogical but doesn't it sounds
phony yeah sounds fake immunology is the
word my name you Knology you know but
immunological sounds bullshit sounds
like it took two words and put a big
sophistication sophistication eat some
serious issues has helped yeah dude also
suffered from depression all that stuff
look a lot of what they think that a lot
of the issues that people suffer from
they suffer because of inflammation and
when scientists are studying things at
the carnivore diet what what what's
striking to them almost more than the
fact that you're just eating meat is
that you're not eating all these other
things and so that in giving your body
only one food source to deal with
sometimes your body can eliminate a lot
of the issues that it has and it also
mimics like some of the benefits of
fasting it's I'm too stupid to be really
judging this I don't know I'm listening
at all that I know that I'm fucking dumb
- he had like receding gums he had some
serious gum issue that all went away all
these things went away when he was on
that carnivore diet for you
eat like that I'm not saying eat like no
I don't eat like that I think I think
it's got to be a balance I think I think
some people may work with that right but
they'll also tell you there somebody
diets that people do that their blood
doesn't line up with that diet it's not
good for them right some people it just
works with right some people yeah some
people can have higher intakes of red
meat and other people it's really really
bad for their system just because of the
way their blood is well some people are
literally allergic to it right some
people like like my wife needs way more
iron like needs like it has to have it
yeah so whether it's supplemented by
pills or by higher instance of meats
with higher iron in it I heard kinda has
a lot of vitamins in it and some iron
I'm not I can't produce anymore man none
that cut off my balls dude I turned him
in yeah what did what caused you to turn
them in what was the final straw was
this movement downtown LA at your own
gender yeah I went to the me to thing
and I cut off my balls I left him there
so I donated them if you like if people
started calling for that if girls
started calling for that guys would do
it remove yours guys out there that
would there is a certain there's a so
many there's so many people there if you
called for guys to step out into the
middle of the town square and cut their
own balls off at least a couple guys and
show that's just I can name two
dissenters there's a couple of dudes I
know that would fuck it exactly just for
like Twitter cred yeah just for some
Street yeah just for the retweet some
love this is how you are an ally boys
learn like my feel like we're favorite
like your favorite shirts yeah females
kick ass or what is it women kick ass or
whatever yeah yeah yeah that hold the
idea of like a virtue signaling overt or
overt support for something it's so
see-through when you're like I'm here
for you girls it's so see-through that's
such a crock of shit but the you can
feel that way without yelling it all the
time we pull you also like broadcasting
like that like what what are you doing
yeah what are you doing what's the
purpose yes what I'm like why why are
you reaching out yeah you're supporting
what are you supporting what is
happening it's another instance of the
echo-chamber doing the whole supporting
the thing that I don't think people are
really I talk about it on stage about
the trend you know Trent the word
transphobic
/ like I understand the meaning but I
also think it's hyperbolized in in
essence of like there are these large
groups of people that are against trans
people I don't believe that whatsoever
but they were definitely are I think
there's small groups of people that get
a lot of attention mm-hmm I don't think
there's massive look the KKK is
significantly larger of a group than
whatever group you want to formulate of
a transfer of transphobic nature I know
a lot of people don't even know what
that is I haven't done any statistical
research look how many KKK members are
in the United States are tens of
thousands okay how many people people I
think people religious that that don't
believe in trans people or they don't
think that they should be able to call
themselves a woman I think I think most
of those people don't care enough to
call themselves part of that category
they just disagree they go I don't
really like it I don't get it I think I
think there's more of those than there
are people that are like adamantly
against trans rights I think we have to
take into consideration what we already
said about God's willing to cut their
balls off that there are guys like that
oh sure there are some there are so many
people in this country are you Aaron tu
there's a lot of transphobic people a
lot because maybe you listen man if you
read the comments and I don't and I
didn't but someone told me that the
comments in the Eddie Izzard Instagram
posts that are made we're horrific but
don't you think that is an Internet
fodder see that's my thing is I think
people like to say shit on the internet
even if they don't believe it because
they know that gets attention if they go
fuck this fucking dude looks like a
chick that I don't know what they said
maybe they were just making fun of the
way he looks but you can you can assume
what if fucking people write on the
internet about that issue they would
just go what's up with this fuck oh here
I'll give you an example I tweeted the
other day about the Met Gala Harry
Styles I tweeted he was wearing like a a
lot of men were wearing like dresses at
the Met Gala this was a whole thing and
I tweeted Tilda Swinton looked fire at
the Met Gala because he looked like
Tilda Swinton not coz I'm saying like
who's Tilda Swinton fuckin actress who
has short hair right so right that was
him and I said Tilda Swinton looked fire
at the Met Gala who is this gentleman
he's a he's a pop star he's like part of
what's it called One Direction he's part
of One Direction what what is happening
with that shirt that's what he wore to
the back Alice would say Jay Mouse it's
a blouse a blouse
okay shirts versus blouses okay here's
the thing if you go into one of those
things and you're gonna stand in front
of all these jackasses cameras taking
pictures why not wear a fucking blouse
that's what that's it but I said Tilda
Swinton looked fired because when I saw
the first image his face kind of looked
like Tilda Swinton okay of course I'm
making the joke about a joke your
comedian well dude everyone was like you
were very funny last night thank you
thank you everyone went after me
everyone was like of course you fucking
I mean hat see are you a Nazi well they
say here is my problem they go he I
think he's gay right is he is he gay
Jamie no I think somebody told me they
were like alone they were like you're
you're maybe you found a sexuality I was
like whoa I can't make fun of people
anymore for people I said he look like
Tilda fucking Swinton why are you
reading comments because I'm not as
famous as you stop and think about the
amount of people that have their balls I
know that would just walk into that town
square and cut their balls off now stop
and think about those people commenting
yeah I know and you're reading it and
allowing it to fuck with your head
sometimes I feed into it a lot of times
I don't when do you not when I'm
confident in whatever I posted mmm
that's interesting right
when I feel like with that joke I knew
was gonna be misinterpreted like I knew
when I wrote that I go
someone will misinterpret this okay
that's why I still posted it but but I
read some shit sometimes if I go I
wonder if that was dumb or if that was
cool wouldn't it be fun if you could be
half drunk all the time and never suffer
any physical consequences me you know
I'd love that nothing would make me more
durable drink it just but with a half a
buzz on you know that feeling when you
gotta have it was all like my favorite
thing in the world is feel like no one
could touch me just feel good you know
oh I know that feeling hanging out with
your friends having a buzz and not
worried about yeah that's how alcoholism
starts I think that was a lot of members
of my family had half a buzz all the
time well a half a buzz all the time
would be a it's like that'd be a good
place to be maybe how many they're good
half of the bad half you can like just a
little little like that feeling you get
after that first glass of wine you like
why do you think people have wine at
lunch yes that's fucked I had sushi at
someone when was drinking a bottle of
wine by herself yesterday is that league
like if you work in an office and you
have a glass
let you have a cocktail at lunch totally
it depends on who where you work mmm if
you listen in our industry entertainment
rate there's no fucking rules well
obviously but I'm saying like a regular
but do you remember the dude who used to
run the Tempe improv didn't want you
doing shots before you go ahead no
drinks before you had a conversation
with me about it he's like you really
need that you know because I was like
hey hey listen to me look at me I'm a
professional right
I'm also an athlete or I work out a lot
I'll be fine I'll be I'm gonna do this
and it's wrong I'm gonna go to the gym
you want to work out with me
yeah well shut the fuck up man come on
just own the club dude I'm not I'm not
gonna get so drunk I can't talk I'm
having a shot therefore I perform if you
became one of those guys yeah you would
know everybody knows it's like I know
what I'm doing okay and even if I have
too many if I have four or five instead
of two I'm gonna be okay right
like I'm grown I still figured it out
I'm not driving anywhere drunk I'm gonna
do anything stupid I'm working tonight
in fact there's nights where I've had a
few cuz I've been sad about where I am
like I'm at a club that I don't want to
be at or something and I'll have a few
too many but I'll get on stage and the
first thing I think is I still gotta put
on a show I still got to work hard but
I'm a little little drunk but autopilot
kicks in a little bit sometimes like
back in the day if I was sad about the
small shitty room it would just kick in
to the jokes I already knew we're gonna
work and I was kind of going through the
motions I was still delivering but it
was sad cuz you're like I don't know if
I'm enjoying this or I'm going through
the motions I'm just kind of like hey
this is the joke that's the joke in my
mind is just on a Rolodex of like this
joke spend that joke where now I'm just
had a happier place in my career that
now if I do if I did get a little too
drunk for him on a stage I'd be
genuinely nervous I'd be nervous about
my performance level so I can fuck him
are they gonna hear me slip up a little
bit am I gonna run cuz I'll feel it
because with great with great power
comes great responsibility but the
greater the norms the group the bigger
the rooms the more great power not me
but with but the bigger the rooms get
the more I feel the more I feel more
responsible to do even better than I
have been doing because if you walk down
on stage of San Diego in front of
thirteen thirteen thousand people and
own that motherfuckers fucking wild I
was
while if you know what I was doing in
the round it was weird to do the round I
die I don't know if I love it I don't
know if I loved it or hated it but it
was this feeling of such uniqueness that
I couldn't judge it in a moment like it
was - it was happening so fast
there was no there's no sitting on the
stool athens 13,000 there's no stagnancy
you have to keep moving you're moving
around the whole time yeah I liked it it
was wild because the screens are so big
and everybody could always see your face
no matter where yeah it was it was good
I loved it
thirteen thousand human beings it's a
lot of fucking people son who's very
weird by the way I'm going to Denver
when is that what is it no Jaime's give
me give me agent Jaime Jaime would just
blurt things out just takes chances 24th
of September he's been slipping a little
bit have you noticed sensors drunk
what's been going on Jake saffron for
all the time you have buzzed
oh it's August August what 23 and 24
hours 23rd I'm at the Belko theater how
did you not know that Jamie and I just
belted that out and then I'm have the
fucking computer if August 9th I'm in
Portland and August 10th I'm in the Bay
Area at the shoreline amphitheater yeah
oh shit oh shit oh shit fun dude fucking
a we go to Chicago I'm a Boston Austin
was a good crowd of time is so good
yeah it's great cap city you know one of
the best clubs in the country that's
like I think doing those clubs like
doing weekends at clubs is real valuable
that's I got a I'm gonna book more of
those you know it gets great always to
be working at the store and it's great
when we're doing these big place in the
row but those clubs there's something
about live done say knees in Nashville
never done zany's Nashville let's do it
zany Chicago I've got never done
Nashville let's do it okay let's do it
let's go that place is a shit yeah at
the punchline and so the parlor live the
part of the live is going down to the
punchline is closing forever some know
they might move it no no here's what's
happening this is the real report I read
it I read it an article again this
morning cuz last night Ali Wong told me
and I read the article that was posted
this morning and it basically said they
lost their lease they couldn't renew it
because it's got that buildings getting
bought out basically
mmm so they are working diligently now
to try to relocate the club cells need
to find a new
but it but but for the time being it's
going to be gone we know what I worry
about I worried they're gonna go big
like they did with cobs right like I
used to do cobs um when it was not I
don't think it was 150 seeds it was tiny
right now it's like 450 yeah it became
it became the opposite of what used to
be right he used to be a place you would
go
you'd make less money but you would have
more fun because it was like real tight
everybody was like smashed into this
place and it was a legendary place
that's that's easily one of the bail and
I wanted to go back which kind of sucks
that it's gonna be gone now the reason I
love this club so much so what you see
is the stage and tables and behind us
which you can't see is the bars in the
back of the room which is one of my
favorite elements of a cool Club you
don't need to worry about people getting
a drink to the side or the left behind
you can hear an ice machine it's in the
very back of the room and they do such a
good job of hiding their noise and their
distractions so it's all about the show
yeah they're really fucking so good at
it man
they're really good I hope they keep an
intimate venue I really do yeah I love
that
Francisco needs an intimate venue the
San Francisco have a good comedy scene
these days I hear I hear a variant of
stories I think a lot of people would
say that was better back back you know a
couple decades ago but I do think that
when I go up there when I have been up
there there's a lot of young people that
are really good that are coming still
out of Northern California yeah but I
mean Cobbs and there used to be was it
green onion no the purple onion purple
and yeah that used to be there there was
no there was one more so what it's
called why does it sound wrong I don't
know because I'm saying it sounds wrong
no is it the purple onion look up the
purple onion there's like I think you're
right but it sounds it's one of those
things yeah we're you like the other
thing we talked about like you made any
logical immunological the immune I'm not
gonna open up a club called the
immunological purple onion but I don't
know shit about the fucking San
Francisco scene anymore because the only
clubs that I've done up there the only
things I've done or punchline in and ID
cops
I think Zach Galifianakis the special ed
live at the purple one yes that's right
that was smaller right that's two purple
onion yeah I was tiny tiny is that gone
I think that's not there anymore so they
like for like real intimate spots on the
road like you still have Atlanta
Atlanta's got one of the best places
that's that's yeah that's gone huh gone
12 yeah it was closed in 2012 God look
how intimate is how small it is the only
other venue that's like that that's
small like that still is like user know
what laughing skull is still small mmm
that's still tight that's real timing
what does that see like 90 I think they
said 90 yeah 100 of therapists it packed
out stuffing him in there
I went I was in town doing something I
went over there to watch Garland to
watch Jeff - Jeff's thing and how was it
it's just Jeff Jeff Jeff is so
unabashedly clear that he's just fucking
around like he was so obviously like I'm
gonna fucking do this whole set about
one guy and he picked like picked a guy
of the audience and he the entire set
about the guy and it was just like him
just fucking around oh he was having
some he was having tons of fun he's a
sweet guy and he's hilarious man he said
he moves he is his brain moves very fast
in a way that I wouldn't anticipate
right for some reason you think god
you're like this is he quick is that
he's very quick he's a fucking he's a
very cool funny dude I'd like to do but
yeah I I haven't uh I don't know I'm
starting to do a few new clubs now and
in the sighs you know the sizing is
different and I just I like to be able
do bigger places but I love intimate
venues man tights is no way to get
there's no way to get that feeling of
how when you're there all it's all
different man there's no way to get that
feeling of 13,000 people except for
fucking that yeah doing a fuck that's a
different feel it's all different man
it's all different I think they're all
worth it yeah I think you got to be on a
steady diet of everything yeah it's like
you don't want to be just a carnivore
and only do 13 thousand seat arena --zz
you don't want to be just who is it
who's your carnivore who is that Jordan
Peterson is I hear this yeah he's only
one of them that I know I know several
people that are on the cardboard diet
yeah I can't I can't get innocent
because I still like bullshit I'm not
gonna not have ice cream once in a while
I'm not gonna not have a fucking couple
of Frenchmen I'm that guy I'm gonna work
out but I'm also gonna have and do what
the fuck I want I just I can't get on
that train I I suffered for a while
doing a crazy diet would you do I did I
did I did this this it's almost like a
circuit like how circuit workout is it's
like Cirque
dieting where it's like one week without
do you know what that is no yeah you did
like like you you you get rid of an
element that's kind of a vice right
whether it's like and if it's it's gotta
be a heavy vice right like it's like
I've high amounts of sugar in my diet so
it's like I do a week completely without
sugar and then I do a week without meat
and then I did a week without no no fish
or what I kept changing what it was to
find out my body reacted to it and I
fucking hated it I fucking hated it I
was like I'm a much more balanced person
up here in my work in my writing and my
exercise in my sleep in my fuck life
when I just get to eat what I want
regimented ly that's a fake word fuck
live regimented fuck likes the name of
my new album that's a good let you get
that tattooed across your stomach fuck
life why do you say fuck life no no I
mean the fuck life the fuck life you
know I'm into my fucking ass this is a
pumpkin sock life thug life Regiment
Regimental ii regimental ii regimental
ii see that aspiring rock regimental ii
like I'm better off when I just when I
do when I just balance when I go I don't
need that shit I shouldn't need that
bullshit yeah and I poke in and out
things once in a while it's that's just
I don't know man I think that's almost
like that's the only way to live it's
for me to work for it to work I've tried
shit I can't do it yeah I think people
like going on diets because it gives
them something concentrate to yes I'm
saying here's my new thing I have shit
going on I can't worry overtly all day
long about like yeah this meal gonna is
it how am I gonna get in fuck that shit
but that's one of the things that people
like about it like okay I'm on this diet
now I gotta concentrate this is it like
meal prep really um yeah or meal
prepping Sunday prepping all prep I am
in control of my world no asteroid
hurtling towards a complete control of
this spinning rocket space I have a
finite lifespan I have to constantly eat
and shit everything's fine everything
else is okay yeah everything's fine
my buddy texted me today by the way I
was he goes he had a concern I talked
about him another podcast about how he
couldn't he didn't shit for like five
days I have a buddy who went through
that and he went to the doctor and he
has
this thing and he had to get help for he
texted me he goes I just want to let you
know I'm back from vacation I feel
really good
also I'm shitting like normal again and
I was like I feel like a like a really
proud friend like you he was really
struggling he was nervous about he was
like dude I haven't shit in like four
days I was like four fucking days it was
a guy that I worked with on fear factor
I don't want to shame him so I won't say
his name like he wants it out hey great
guy um he had a real problem a real
problem it was packed in there for days
and days it wasn't coming out and he
could feel it like he could touch his
butthole and feel it inside it was hard
it's for girls yeah it's a fiber doll he
had to go to a doctor and they literally
had to chip it out of his asshole shut
the fuck yeah I could it impacted
shizzle in his mud hole they had to get
in there and break it up and then they
had to make him take this like really
intense laxative yeah so he takes this
really intense laxative like like
weapons-grade laxative and they're in
there chipping away at the stone wall
which is essentially just like a dam to
keep all the shit juice yeah piling up
booth bandit because he's got the
impacted dried-out shit that should have
been out of his body days ago and then
he's got the fresh shit on top of that
at the top of that he's got this
chemical laxative explosion that's at
the bottom of his ass hole and then it
breaks loose and just explodes
everywhere fuck like he gave birth to a
dead seal just blah we got it we got it
how much was I don't know but he said it
was awful so it was awful like they had
to pry the shit out of his ass I didn't
break it those are the kind of paints
those downstairs to paint from you're
not shitting yes it's what was a what's
it called uh you give yourself imagine
that what's that called come on look it
up you know what I'm talking about
no but there's a there's a word it's
called you like you it's like toxic like
toxic shock syndrome that women get if
they leave like a tampon in too long if
you're if you don't shit for a certain
amount of time you you poison yourself
mmm yeah it starts to leak into your
organs and
it's something it's something absurd
Leaguer I just there was a one of those
like um a 600-pound life or whatever
those shows are mm-hmm
this woman wouldn't shit and she would
she kept holding and holding all in
there like purpose yes why because she
didn't want she couldn't move to shit so
fucking big she couldn't move to shit so
the shit packed up and and they were
like you're gonna fucking die it's gonna
get in your Bloods it's gonna get in
your your other organ in your
bloodstream and kill you like doesn't
that freak you out when you watch a show
like that where someone's like like uh
what are this called hoarders like order
or someone who's gaining a ton away or
seems get there but you know that you
could get there yeah you know you
couldn't get there but you know that a
person could get there yeah right right
do you now Andrew Santino May 2019
you're not gonna get there no probably
not
you're fine but some people feel they're
bad Road and they can't turn around
they're stuck yeah an agent but they
compile it right because because the
depression feeds the hunger feeds the
depression yeah yeah what was that
that's shit constantly to man man I died
after feces filled bowel bursts look how
much shit there's there his rectum had
dilated up to 18 centimeters inside his
body and was filled with feces according
to the BMJ case for 24 he's a child 24
this isn't some 80 year old man who just
it's like he's autistic right okay it's
probably constipation okay well great
now we feel bad Jamie we feel but thanks
Jamie's baiting us with some shit still
look at that goddamn well burn almost
died from constipation so it's a few
people over year they had to surgically
remove 2 litres of poop up coca-cola
bottle filled with PO 2 leaders need to
think of a liter bottle of coke and
thinking two of those fill with sand and
soft up your ass filled with shit in
your filled with sand leading to a lack
of blood flow to the leg it was pressing
on his artery bro oh my god it was Chuck
his shit was choking his leg out
that's what was happening shit was just
Chu armies in the hospital for 23 days
and took 13 days for you could walk
again oh my god what no explanation has
been found yet as to explain his
significant faithful loading a load a
constipation look at the spell fecal
yeah AE CL is that because they're in
Australia yeah fucking those idiots the
guy was probably banging kangaroos or
something they caught some disease no
Jose people don't know time to poop I'm
fake a loading kangaroo Dini have you
heard of that couple that they ate a raw
rat heart no from Mongolia and they got
the Black Plague what yeah they exist
Black Plague from fucking fucking crazy
people around liver that's what it was a
liver they ate a raw rat liver and they
died of the bubonic plague why did they
eat plague or bubonic plate I think it's
a big place black sounds like it yeah
it's gotta be bubonic the bubonic plague
what's the difference because the
bubonic plague was a bacteria right well
what's the black plague that was a virus
right wasn't that a virus what are you a
doctor not not anymore I got this barred
apparently or not that I keep them you
can't keep the fecal loading Sam where's
College what did you think you were
gonna be comedian really yeah you're
just some waste of time nah it's just
funny because I'll show I I had my
mother way throw a gentleman Andrew
Santino no case on this phone yeah fuck
that shit one of those games a black
plague was a Dan event during a time
period in 1300s and the bubonic plague
is a thing you can get right but the
black pig that like was what a viral
diseases right yeah so it's the bubonic
plague that these folks got and they got
it from eating a raw rats heart or liver
think it's liver can't get this what is
this kidney kidney oh that's in high
school kidneys this is something you
wrote yeah that's in high school oh my
god that you wanted to be a community it
says I wanted to be I want to be a
quantity become a stand-up comic and to
work with comedy on television
yeah I'm going to do whatever it takes
make it yeah so it says I want to do
anything I like what I'm hearing
whatever it takes whatever it takes look
at I wrote Paulo wants you to wear a
tracksuit with no underwear huh and meet
me at the dock got it we're gonna get on
my yacht you got a good time let's go
and I got a part for you to read my
script Oh imagine a guy takes you out on
his on his yacht you're like wow so you
really think my tape was good yeah yeah
yeah it was amazing was that are
listening and he brings you this script
and tells you what's required of you
yeah and then you're out there in the
middle of the water bobbing around
staring at this guy and he got a couple
glasses of wine he's like I'm gonna make
you a star I need to get my dick sucked
okay I get a shit I get it
I did right in high school anything it
takes now imagine being a woman you're
in that situation you think you gonna
build sweet-talked that guy right that's
why you were flirting with him and
that's why you got close to them you're
gonna get a part you get play him and
gonna get apart next thing you know
you're on that ocean well that feels
creepy that feels rapey that is rapey
right when you're a dude you've like
fuck that guy fucked up just sacrifice
man for the role that I'm saying it's a
different feeling totally but still
dangerous because if the guy finds out
that you're not willing and then you
might be hostile yeah and then he might
be hostile back yeah like you're two
dudes one dude want to get his dick
sucked by a dude but you're both two
dudes and it's a real hair-raising
situation for both of what are you
feeling for him it's hair-raising right
you tried to get this guy to suck your
dick and the guy said I'll fucking kill
you and you're like Jesus now I gotta
drive this guy back in my boat it just
me and him a guy who said he would kill
me in a 20-foot long little boat yeah
you got to said well you got to make him
set up by the bow and you just drive
quiet what do you do jump in the water
you know that's where people kill people
like you know he's gonna tell people
yeah totally that's how he gets good
that's that's why that's where that kid
from Iowa goes missing went to Hollywood
for big dreams never came back
is out in the water mm-hmm cement shoes
my friend put on these shoes boom yeah I
guarantee that's happened to you guys
try to get a guy to suck his dick and
the guy tried to fight him the
yeah you kidding me I'm sure it's
happening now mmm there's got it right
as we're speaking there's got to be a
listening to this Hollywood murder day
guy is choking them to death doesn't
want anyone to know don't go on the boat
unless you really know the guy that's
might want a sausage how well do you
know the guy
men or women if the guy's a producer and
he takes you on the boat don't go on the
boat I feel like that about it how well
do you know the guy with the boat not
that well I'm not goin on that guys
fucking boat I was on a show once and
there was a guy who was kind of a he was
a I don't want to be mean but he was
sleazy he's just a Hollywood does that
mean calling out someone for being
fucking sleazy sleazebag but it's the
most stereotypical version yeah and
there was a guy was also working on the
television shown and choose young and
flirtatious next thing you know they
were on his boat for the weekend working
on the script they came back and we were
like what you really just said that yeah
we were guys creatively Oh guys working
creatively just out in middle of water
the water gives me B no knees the water
makes me feel a type away but it's like
normal stuff like that's what people did
in this business yeah yeah he used to be
what Jimmy wanted to bring this up sort
of talking about that we never oh well
this was a different subject yeah okay
related I'll save it this is a Edie buck
do you know who that guy is
wait no he's like this democratic he's a
donor oh right oh we talked about yes
right there 10 dude two dudes have been
found dead they're from drug overdoses
so though they come over and one guy
said that what do they say that I don't
know what they've said but like they I
think what makes him do drugs or or he's
taking them in while they're already
super high and he's helping them and
they die and they end up dying while
they're there
cuz he's claiming that he's helping two
people that I think that's what his
coincidence maybe he's telling the truth
yeah he goes out there finds really high
people the same people trying to save
people in the middle of the night
what are you cynical bro yeah dude what
do you think is happening you want me to
take a wild guess yeah I bet he goes out
looking for people that a real fucked up
to get back to his apartment to get some
fucking
what yeah no way and man that's not
that's and then they say do you have any
more drugs and he goes you bet I got
more fucking drugs they do more drugs
together and they die and he dies and he
stays alive whoa mm-hmm you sure
case closed your honor are you oh I
reacted I rest myself and gentlemen mr.
buck mmm okay well looks like a fine man
yeah looks like he doesn't do anything
he's got a nice gold tooth shining in
the back of his mouth like what's his
name the Wet Bandits from home alone
vestigators found multiple sex toys
multiple syringes and clear plastic bags
with suspected suspected methamphetamine
in a toolbox roll cabinet in the living
room he's got a tool box filled with
syringes and sex toys let's go to work
clear plastic bags with meth Moore has
been homeless and Hawaii how it says met
bags clear plastic bags like more than
mine
he's got bags of speed he'd been
homeless and it worked as an escort
yeah that's he was on that gigolo show
season four he was one of the main guys
yeah he's the guy I've become addicted a
drug dealer is the one to think he gave
me my first injection of crystal meth
Wow I've become addicted to drugs and
the worst one at that well I don't know
if that's true but it's crazy story that
what we do know is true as two people
died over there that's fucking insane
he's how hey man just G is there there's
different standards right like here's
here's the thing like if that guy if he
was a heterosexual guy and two women had
died at his house prison for life what
are the odds that they wouldn't arrest
him zero zero zero zero so if what if
one woman is found dead in your fucking
apartment yeah if you got cars hookers
and shoot them up with meth yeah you go
to jail you go to prison yeah but if you
pick a male hooker it's like what we
were talking about earlier yeah if it's
a guy like ah you're a Russian model you
came over here that work bro fuck the
old ladies
come on like that's true but these guys
two guys are dead and everybody's like
hey you know that's the fucking game
they're playing they ody on that shoot
the meth game once you shoot shun you
he's only killed two guys what's the
fart that's kind of like the what is it
the the the staircase you know that
documentary where like two of his wives
died falling down stairs
oh yeah that's people are like what you
still don't fucking know yeah you think
- women coincidentally imagine if they
did they're your favorite people ever
and they just kept falling and pop it
literally impossible where's your rock
Lyla there it was in his kitchen it his
fucking kitchen
did he try so I can al did it go in and
scared her and flew out of the home
because there was no fucking Bert by the
way hmm but he said a bird flew and
scared her and she fell down the stairs
backwards by the way you know how hard
it is to fall back down the stairs
backwards when you when you're already
at the top of us there nobody falls
backwards when they're walking upstairs
yeah you kicked Sparta's someone has to
hit you down the fuck that's exactly the
lawyer was like somebody pushed you down
the stairs that's the only way that
happens Sparta Sparta fuck you why if
they did an autopsy and they see the
footprint right in the middle of her
chest well they said the blood splatter
was like so obviously consistent with
someone that was like thrown downstairs
yeah well that our got it bro
and these owls are doing that that is
the thing that happens often fly into
your home they fuck shit up good guess
they're not nice people little assholes
yeah they really are truly not nice
Birds there's such a cool animal yeah
they are but it's they're a weird animal
that we like to think of them as these
wise old creatures like we we we have
like an anthropomorphic version of an
owl yeah that's really smart like an owl
is like hmm well yeah like that Reid
augeas find out what's going on the
Tootsie Pop Owl you know how many licks
does it take that was like he wore no
asses yeah dad must have be would it but
the wise old owl is like an adage right
yeah why is it though I don't know man
because they're fucking ruthless what
they are is just cunts that swoop down
and kill rabbits there
fuck rabbits up man their wing spans are
fucking incredible when you see them
take off take flight and come snag
something it's a wild to say driving
home once someone was flying over my
head and I guess it didn't like how low
it was as to where my car was on the
road like it it picked a path probably
not in its head understanding that cars
go just down this road right it was
flying right right and the car was just
too close we just dropped the rabbit and
and went to get it later
I pulled over because what the fuck was
that cuz it was big like whatever it
dropped was a fairly large creature and
I went over in this rabbit that was just
gutted because the first thing they eat
is the guts right so - just torn the
guts out of this rabbit they can pick it
apart and then they take the rest home
with him they swoop down have you ever
seen an owl's claws yeah they're fucking
nasty at a huge giant ass claws that the
coolest video look at that thing
look at the claws they're badass dude oh
my god it's a amazing numbers one
predator the first picture looks like
him saying don't take a picture and then
the second one he's like you why did you
take the fucking I told you I told you
bitch yeah yes it's like mad at you and
she's picking it up look at the eyes in
that thing man I mean it has a demonic
face that's like beautiful predator man
it's an incredible animal um
but look at that one there's an amazing
video online of one Hawk yielding a hawk
it kills a hawk in its in its nest it
swoops down in the night they got a
trail camera photo they have these this
these Hawks that were in this nest and
these wildlife biologists were filming
it and this this Eagle this owl comes in
and left this and just snatches the hawk
right from the nest watch this
here comes in the distance you'll see
it's a little eyes any second now
it's crazy shit dude what it's a little
baby hawk huh yeah yeah yeah a little
baby look at that watch this
motherfucker come in look at this oh
shit
bitch whoa fuck that's a wrap son - I
snatched it
okay the mom is like what happened what
happened I don't even know if that's a
mom there might also be another baby
it's pretty big though yeah it's hard to
tell it's hard to tell because we're not
on perspective but look at this look how
it snatches it
just to look all the feathers of fly off
two hands grabbing ahold I don't know
why that freaks me out so much now that
freaks me the fuck out bird on bird
violence is weird it's crazy
it is bird lives matter man but it's
bird on bird violence is strange it is
it's almost like a cannibalism it's it
happened so often yeah why is Jack Birds
because they don't give a fuck doesn't
matter they don't give a fuck but do you
think that's a last resort kind of they
don't really want to eat other birds
right bro everybody eats birds for the
next picture even birds that's a bird
swallowing or two chick yeah look at it
look at it bucking and its throat fuck
what a twat fuck yeah that's a fucking
whole duck that's huge yeah yeah look at
that thing that is huge
well it's a chick it's not a fully grown
dark but but it's big it's big enough
that it's crazy that that thing swallows
it you know the one of the really
fucked-up ones and I saw recently I saw
a toad eat a rat or a mouse I totally
want to see that Mouse yeah is either
frog or a toad I don't know what it was
but a big-ass green frog looking
creature swallowed a mouse hole watch
this this is it yeah this is crazy dude
oh this is not it this is not it because
this one's hidden there's one that's not
hidden there's one where you could see
it like in like a little glass container
damn I wish I could find it because it's
a really good one it's from like a
top-down view that's pretty good watch
this I didn't think that frogs ate mice
man I used to think that frogs are like
oh you know they just get bugs bugs out
of the air watches just waiting not yet
not yet and make sure I get them around
oh you play my planet my baby move a
little bit move I'm on you
as soon as I decide you lined up fuck
you look at that now head first
no just made it stuffing it in there
with his greedy little fingers yeah I
mean think about what a pearl look at
them house trying to get out the mouse
is trying to get out because they don't
have teeth right they just gotta strike
it out its head is out man look it's
eating asshole first Jesus Christ the
mouse look let me just let me tell
excuse me but I ate the butthole first
cuz that's the worst taste so II thought
it's a bad taste out of how they're
thinking that's just where it was I
think would have eaten it head first too
but look at it it's just blinking slowly
swallowing the mouse imagine you being
able to eat a dog that's what that's
like yeah that yeah the size difference
that's like you eating a German up a
German Shepherd and just often it's just
locating my jaw putting it in how big is
a frog's mouth it's crazy that's like
when you see those things I can
dislocate their jaws I think that's
incredible animals that can fucking
unhinge their jaw snakes it snakes you
that shit these are charts yeah that's
found them in California again off the
coast after they haven't been here for
30 years they start showing up again off
San Francisco they swim through like
little schools of fish and they just
wallow I've seen that's a basking shark
yeah wild-looking thing just like go
funnel for the ocean
how many bottle caps of those things
swallow yeah you want to talk about
plastic straws they get 30 feet long
imagine what kind of shit impacted like
six-pack tops yeah so many : Miller Lite
blood streaming out of their asshole in
this shit those things got it those
things got to be able to handle anything
after all these years they've swallowed
so much bullshit yeah boots and fucking
license plate so to build parts bones
yeah all that shit creepy shit from the
bottom of the fuck's never L found dead
with 13 pounds of plastic and its
stomach holy shit and 13 pounds were so
gross so there was a guy named you see
that was his flip flops and 115 drinking
cup they can't say Red Solo cups but
that's what that is people out there
partying partying on that boat and I'm
sperm whales Wow
damn that's fucked up blip flops I've
probably had one of those flips lost so
many pairs I'm one of mine isn't a sperm
whale so did you see the video that
beluga whale returning the girls cell
phone what did it okay yeah it's fucking
if they set this up it would have been
an amazing setup but I'll show you the
video whoa returning your girls up here
you go the whale understands objects are
important to you in those iPhones are
expensive for it got dropped down in the
water but going all over Instagram and
Twitter you can use to find the videos
not real I mean it's coming from the
depths of the water so like I don't know
how the fuck you could hold my fucking
god holding on to her phone and it
brings it up like I don't know how you
would fake that oh my god holy shit well
yeah they don't look like trainers it
doesn't look like it's in like a you
know it looks like it's in the water it
says it's the one that was captured last
week I don't know if that the same one
that's the part I think is fake oh how
they know it's how would they know so
same one of the ones that have it I
think that's that's how I initially saw
the story mm-hmm and I don't want I
don't believe that but they're tagged
and tracked remember the white whale the
white whale that we posted about last
week well it's stuck around he's been
staying at hammerfest and then for now
well maybe it's a different one yeah
maybe it's a whale that they saw not the
one that was captured with the harness I
think that's what's wrong
they're just well what did they post
about last week go to they'll go to
their one this is where that story came
from and no no that's so it is the same
story yeah cuz maybe yeah it strained
yeah it's a trained whale maybe wanted
food man yeah thought was gonna get some
fish bitch that's so funny out there
here's your phone should they like thank
you he's like no bitch fucking feed he's
just like the monkeys man give up give
up the food you bitch so I have come to
steal from you I'm stealing whoa that
was the other thing that we got
margaritas and we left like a pitcher of
margaritas out and they dumped the
pitcher over and drank the margarita
yeah they liked the party so the monkeys
were probably partying on our porch
don't leave margaritas out dude they're
gonna fucking say I'm one with a
hammered they get wasted he must get so
hammered like a picture of Mark I don't
know how much they slapped up after it
spilled right I imagine they probably
just drank every drop there was nothing
left they knocked over the pitcher
and some of it must have stayed in the
picture and they's like this is what we
want and they start drinking it and they
snack on your drug like you have salt
you guys didn't leave any fucking salt
out okay he's drinking yeah he's boozed
out they drink booze this is crazy drunk
monkeys : they love coca-cola oh yeah
look at him he doesn't know how to drink
those anything with sugar they love
sugar shifts too far always hammered
look at them all they're drunk oh my god
there's videos of drunk monkeys there's
fucked up look at them the kids Russell
please fall down that's hilarious
oh that people spilling off over drinks
and they're licking it off shake tables
if I had a monkey I get them drunk every
day me and that monkey would just party
if everything goes totally south with me
you're gonna find me on Key West living
like those psycho white people just
drinking with monkeys just like that
make girls poop in your mouth I don't
think he does that bro and you should
stop saying that he did Key West is Key
West
Key West is the furthest you can get and
still be in America is it rather than
Alaska some of the most ridiculous thing
to call that America yeah it's like not
even connected to Florida now those
people that live down there they might
as well be expats living on an island
somewhere that's what it is right
hurricane there every 13 days they just
get wiped out yes are the most point
yeah but it's not just that that they're
the keys they're islands yeah they'll
just drive over land like they're not
really America no it's its own little
things like Puerto Rico well the US
Virgin Islands yeah get the fuck out of
here how do we own Guam yeah how what's
that what is it over there yeah that's
way away from Hawaii
thanks forever to get there how do we
get that's fucking farm
Hawaii's five hours by jet jet yeah baby
Erica I like lot of land I like that we
protect Hawaii but I think Hawaii is its
own fucking thing
well that's those people run their own
country and you know what would happen
immediately mushrooms would be legal
would be the place to party
they voted this week a bunch of places
voted Denver tried yeah Denver didn't
make it though 47% I think said those
old ranchers those old ranchers came out
of the mountain those farmers actually
dude on the way here I saw I saw
hilarious on the bed of a tree on the
back of a truck window had a big thing
that says what's going on and it said
Merritt had a pot leaf and it said
League
and then it had a hose watering a lawn
and it said illegal what's going on oh
my god look into it that's what he's
saying there's what's going called the
drought you fuck what does the dry run
away you could grow power on conserving
water you fuckhead fuck you plants
fuckhead hey easy you see about the guy
in Florida that got arrested because he
would not take I eat ass off the back
window we were talking about that I eat
ass and ass said on the back of his
window he said it is his First Amendment
right to let everyone know that he eats
ass it is
yeah but that's a funny thing magic
that's your boy you have his little baby
it's sucking on your nipple you're like
my cute little boy he's adorable
oh my little Billy wants to play
baseball but he doesn't like getting up
early and he misses a lot of practice he
got cut from the team and I was kind of
depressed he just plays Madden all day
and in one day Billy's got a pickup
truck and Billy's pickup truck says ie
that's right now you come home and he's
still living at your house he's a
fucking loser and you come home and you
see a little bit with his I eat ass and
do you really need to have that on your
truck and yeah I Drive what I do I do
more that's how I get my ass to eat a
lot of guys don't ask but I do so I
thought I know oh I do I do I do
and your dad is like I still support
them and I love them very much I also
eat ass imagine if you're not affirm
with your mom and you're driving on the
highway and you're stuck in
bumper-to-bumper traffic with ies at
front for an hour we'd laugh my mom
would laugh my mom would get mad at me
for stay in the same Lane she'll just
change oh gosh you're in this Lane
because you think it's funny that I have
to look about you guys I didn't say that
mom I did not say that it is funny
though you think it's funny it is very
funny do you think it's fun here's my
story about that guy I know you think it
was uh I think it was more positive than
that mm-hmm I think he wanted to let
people know that he eats ass you know
because he's got this mate he's got it I
don't know if you know him but we know
him I don't want very well Jimmy and I
know him very well but he's got this to
half of his tongue was bit off by a dog
when he was young so he knows how to eat
ass rough yeah he's got a bomb to the
end of him yeah he knows how to flip a
roof he's good at eatin s but I think
people for years were like you can't eat
ass anymore Mike and he was like
fuck you guys man what are you trying to
say another Florida man's story eating
ass man arrested after caught eating ass
inside Toys R Us store that's why they
closed down that's not in business
that's a bold move little kids in there
oh I know what I saw it's around here
somewhere
it's a thing the game is there's a
monkey on the cover and he's got a
hammer he's trying to whack the moles
and this guy's eating this drugs boob
guys girls poop mommy
imagine if you saw a dude eating an
asshole underwear in the middle of Toys
R Us you're walking around with your kid
going show what should we get which we
get a wiffle ball bat you want to play
wiffle ball yeah yeah you trying to
corner man a girl turns us get out of
here blood on a rabbit hole with this
one with a seating yeah man who ripped
out girlfriends intestines for yelling
her husband's name during sex gets life
in prison who makes perfect sense why
man who ripped out his girlfriend's
intestines for yelling at that point I
get mad Fidel Lopez told investigators I
get really really mad he he ripped out
her intestine for yelling out her
husband's a name but that's a
complicated story
awesome Florida oh no shit she called me
the name of the other fucking guy he
told investigators after September 2015
murder
she said it twice and she was wrong and
she was confusing me with him at that
point I get mad I get really really mad
oh Jesus as a 31 year old lay stricken
he shoved objects into Miss nemesis
vagina and anus including a beer bottle
a hair iron even as this is not this
guy's a psycho it's not something I
needed to see what a piece of sh Amy are
you reading about this is something
wrong with you where do you find that
stuff Jamie why do you go looking for
when you're safe we'll try to sell you
yes the images of ie TAS Florida man I
just started right scrolling down okay
we go to Jamie's like Google ads it's
all duct tape and crowbars and shit hey
what's up with all this rubble all the
hand saws man
this how you know that you wouldn't
clear your search engine it doesn't
matter because I clear my shit sometimes
and and even if I
back to pornhub it still knows my
suggested shit so creepy look into it
mm-hmm time to look into it time to look
into the porn that's where they're where
people are making money
it's from cookies and laughs using your
information and your data and finding
out what you're interested in selling it
to advertisers it's all know very very
sordid stuff the sucker burgers got us
dude yeah there was a car parked us I
mean it's just there's a lot it's it's
weird that that sort of escaped the
imagination of people that were like
looking towards the future like they
didn't think that data would be so
valuable yeah
nobody really know to really saw that 20
years ago now when the internet was
first coming alive like nobody ever
thought they'd be able to like check
your searches like when they figured out
how to make a search engine then tied it
into what you're searching for and
selling that to advertisers god it's
genius but it's it's crazy that they can
make so much money it's like you're
talking about well it's not right you
can make so much money telling jokes
well it's really not right you makes so
much money providing a search engine off
of the materials that you search which
you're supposedly you're protected by
right you're supposed to think that your
searches are protected but on one hand
right like it's cool because you get all
this data you get it this information
but you know you could literally find
out any answer to any question we do it
all the time yeah but then the other
part it's like well what am I giving up
you get to now they know what you like
what kind of what things you're thinking
about buying what you're yeah what
movies you like they know that so they
start selling you that like oh I guess I
want them to sell it to me that's is
what I like kinda that is a nice car Wow
look at that all right
hey that movie does look good you know
and then you're like oh my Google is
really working out well for me you want
to become autonomous with the Machine
it's just a big net just casting out and
just are you cool with the chip you got
the chip dawg yeah
which version though Oh 2.6 I don't know
I don't ask just I yeah don't stop your
ship yeah
chip me up Dawg you got to go to Langley
Virginia you go to where they kept head
that's how they chip you chippy up and
Langley got to go to the FBI but they
have to know you're okay
I'll get you I wouldn't get cool chip me
dude I've chip chip me the fuck up what
would it take for you to get chipped
like for real if there was a chip and it
provided your GPS tracking everywhere
you go but you could read people's minds
so the government knew where you were
all the time they do but everybody else
that had a chip in it you could read
their mind like you could see their
intentions you could you could find out
if they're upset you can find out
they're rational or irrational maybe you
can even show them the error of their
ways with your thoughts I don't want to
I want to know people's head they
already know where you're at man they
got your fucking phone no no they can
have that I don't want to know what's
gonna I don't like Jamie's head Lee
don't want to know James
fine uh-huh you know he's thinking about
right now food yeah yeah that's like
three of 20 bringing up that movie
upgrade almost oh yeah that is like what
it was like right yeah yeah yeah yeah
number why he got it but um he was cut
he was shot in a spoiler alert he was
shot in like a robbery by armed gang
members they shot him and paralyzed him
and then this guy brought him back to
life with this chip in his spine that
regenerated spinal tissue and gave him
superpowers and he knew kung fu and all
kinds of shit they did yeah anything
Jimmy cannot see me up with your
destruction shit everything today what's
going on with you I say I say chip me
out chip me the fuck up what about you
Jimmy would you get distracted if you
had a chip inside you would you think
about it all the time yeah the
neuro-link scares the shit I'm that's
basically the same thing right if you're
wearing it yeah are you but do you think
you just good like that would become
like you would think about that chip all
the time no no you probably you'd
definitely forget about it you forget
about it just just like you forget about
anything else that you haven't you
forget about this thing that this
tracking device and I thought as long as
you could pick it up and put it down
like you feel like you're not really
connected to me I know you absolutely
are but if you had something inside you
you'd be like oh boy I went them I
really went for it
I got the chip are you talking to it yes
I want to talk to it turn on my car get
directions that Joe you can't forget
about it then it's close to it man
yeah but then you just bet it becomes
one with you it's not like you're
thinking about it you're just acting
you're a woke up in the middle of night
you'd be pissed why would I wake me I
know what happened you told it not to
you know what I've been doing with Siri
lately
dumb bitch don't use it I tell what to
do I make her make notes for me so I go
hey Siri make a note and what would you
like to say exactly right there whose
phone was that yours see that you just
created a note she's she's listening to
you did hey here we go
hey Siri make a note Andrew Santino is
the last of the great gingers okay
I created a note Andrew Santino was the
last of the great gingers that's a good
a pretty beautiful yes she's pretty good
she changed was to his did you say is
she did not see but it's good enough for
me if I have ideas if I'm driving around
I have ideas yeah tell Siri to do my
dirty work for me it's the best I got a
it's like it's made me capture so many
more ideas I would never be able to
capture because I'm driving this is
funny I thought this in the shower the
other day I spent an inordinate amount
of time thinking in the shower I'll
really enjoy thinking in the shower
because it's really quiet and I'll sit
there and I'll think and sometimes I've
got a great idea and in the time it
takes me to get out of the fucking
shower and forget it I've washed it away
I want to I want a no more note and like
a yeah waterproof note board in the
shower so I can write you and get one of
those do they make those yeah but your
wife would get annoyed at you I have the
home sweet home sign and you have a
fucking thing over it so you can write
your stupid Oh dick in mom's pussy is
hilarious no it's not and I'll go you
know what babe I bought this fucking
shower why is that a joke get outside
dick and mom's pussy Solaris what's
wrong with you get in the garage where
you belong you're smoking pot with Theo
von
Johan says he doesn't smoke pot I don't
believe him there's a smoking pot
anybody who talks like that with all
those weird hey mans and gang and gang
what is his who is his gang anyway tell
him to fix his haircut girls get mad at
you about the way your friends dress
tell them stop dressing like that or the
way your friend
Zach that's why does he do that why does
he think that's funny to throw to do
that well because he's funny it's fun
it's fun when he does that I don't like
it
I don't like to it so good thing you and
I are the same person
yeah and you know what I can replace you
[Music]
you feel like you might you might
replace are we all replaceable in every
way literally we're all replaceable
I had Lex Friedman on yesterday from MIT
he's a autonomous vehicle expert in
artificial intelligence expert creepy
interesting stuff but one of the things
I was talking about was like the movie
her and that his ultimate goal is to
create something that provides
companionship to people on like dude so
immediately I think can you fuck it and
then I think if it's a guy and provides
if you want a gay boyfriend sure can you
make it be gay for you
yeah and that was like the big question
like if it is so smart that it's like
literally like a companion what if it's
not gay and he was saying we have to
face the fact that robots are going to
leave us like we're gonna make robots
that leave us what the fuck's the point
in making a robot unless it leaves you
fuck and then there was an article about
PETA that was mad at the folks that work
at Boston Dynamics cuz Boston Dynamics
they make all these crazy robots and
they have incredible balance and they
can go running down hills and shit and
backflips
so these engineers were kicking these
robots the truck down as a real dog
well the demo they didn't think was real
done they were demonstrating that it you
know it can react to pressure and it has
balance sure so PETA got mad and said
they didn't think it was cool that you
kick robots they're really talking about
I don't know why anybody won't do that
too because you have to find out if you
think the only way to find out your
fucking engineering works is you kick
kick it it doesn't have feelings you
fuck but it does Joe that's where you're
making my station the type of person
that you have to be to say I just don't
think why any reasonable person would
finally kick that robot cuz you gotta
find out if you can kick her fucking
robot how about this but I'll pad that
robot up and kick the fucking shit out
of it for a workout yeah like I would
like a robot that I could kick
I would like a robot that I could keep
locks and move yeah oh I want to hit it
oh you want to hit it yes yeah all right
I would like to fuck pads I want to be
able to tee off on a robot man if you
ever write back though look what if it
moves at like 30 or 40 percent that's
all I want I want it to be a little
dangerous but I want to be able to get
my shots off but how do you know it's
not gonna fucking kill you I don't see
any problems oh that's right ass it's
not gonna hurt it no it's gonna hurt you
then you know what I would know when I
throw a leg kick and it checks it hurt
my shin I'm like all know when you hear
call shin dish in on me and then it
starts lifting up its front leg and
pressing for I'm like oh my god Monroe
it's gonna fuck me up I fucked up I got
it mad stumps on your fucking head you
would have to get something a robot
that's made out of like heavy bag
material on the outside and then the
inside would just be some sort of a wire
framework that moves fairly crudely how
do you stop it this is a thing you're
creating a world where we're gonna get
killed by robots how do you stop it
that's the real question the real
question is what happens when they get
so smart and so powerful that they're
tired of our nonsense and this is gonna
happen but Lex and I were discussing and
he was talking about all the beauty and
being a person and that meaning and the
meaning that we have being a person and
I was agreeing with them I mean I love
people I think that's one of the things
that's interesting about us is how much
we appreciate the things that we we all
do
we appreciate other people's art and
inspiration and even we appreciate the
way people look we appreciate that yeah
something about the robots don't give a
fuck about all that the my worry is that
we could turn something on that you can
never turn back if they become sentient
if they have the ability to do whatever
they want whenever they want to and they
look at us when these sperm whales with
150 flip-flops and they're but they're
gonna what the fuck is wrong with people
have we got it what are they doing look
how gross they are they eat all the fish
and they throw their plastic in the
water and whales are eating their
plastic and dying and they would look at
all the stuff we do and then we go why
it'd kill us why yeah we don't need you
around you guys mean earth less but we
are so egotistical and so egocentric
that we can't imagine a world with
meaning without us right because we are
everything but even though we're finite
you know
exist for a certain amount of time we'll
leave behind a legacy that other people
could enjoy it doesn't matter if they're
gonna die too though it does it but it
does matter it matters while you're
alive
okay got it the universe doesn't give a
fuck about all that and all these crazy
robots that take over imagine if we got
to a planet one day like imagine if we
travelled the universe and we managed to
avoid creating some sort of artificial
intelligence because we got hit with a
solar flare that killed the fucking
power grid or something like that and
when then we got wiser as a civilization
and we got to a place where we could
travel and we travel to another planet
and we got there and those robots just
robots no humans no humans and they were
just running around aimlessly because
they'd killed off all the biological
life and they just sit in there
operating on the Sun with nothing to do
no purpose and no reason to exist and
like what happened these crazy monkeys
that lived on this planet they decided
to for an experiment making artificial
intelligence and just let it go run amok
and what it did was eat everything it
lived off biological material - there
was nothing left and then just sat there
in the Sun and waited for someone to
arrive no I could never happen of course
it could it's happening too deeply about
where I'm gonna be when that happens
those Boston dynamic robots are gonna
have little pinchers on each arm just
grabbing everything in front of them and
stuffing I mean they're big giant mouth
John what about the what about the
robots that turned themselves back on
didn't that happen where was that right
mmm that a shot a robot down in Korea
cuz it turned itself back on after we
shut off that's what's happening that's
what's gonna happen
the robots are gonna start going I want
to be on right now I don't like being
off
it wasn't have something that they were
doing with Google artificial people a
new study struggled to turn off a robot
when they begged them not to Oh big them
not too creepy I somehow felt sorry for
him whoa don't turn me off Jill dude
that I'm telling you when that sounds a
real woman like ex machina yep and
you're in love with her and she tells
you to kill your boss yep I want to be
with you Andrew you don't need to go to
work Jamie's for fool Jamie won't let us
leave Jamie doesn't think I'm a real
woman that I know you do what if like we
got to that happen that we're on the way
to that happening and we made a deal
with them to leave us a
and we got to go to North Sentinel
island to exist uncontacted Shum then
what would you rather be eaten by a
robot or live like a savage live like a
savage yeah oh my god any day the week
let me live off the grid forever like
that as long as you're in a
resource-rich place I would be that bad
they lived there for a long time it's
the size of Manhattan there's only 39 of
them though that ain't good
yeah but that's also because how can
they repopulate they're fucking each
other yes I'm saying so how you can only
repopulate so much you can only continue
to repopulate within your own right what
kind of gene pool they're drawn from
this only 39 of them they have to be
fucking relatives they're all relatives
there's no way they've got a there's no
way they have a map on the island of
people that they're like you can't fuck
her remember just keep that in mind
they're like well there's only 17
choices yes only 39 I wonder if it's how
many of its male versus female what it
is about its more dominant man percent
men yeah fighting for 15 girls or but
fucking fun for the girls to get
pregnant only 39 of them because they're
all gay and like they go it's gay time
it's time to make a baby like now I
don't Wow hate girls gross and they run
up to the treetops start banging each
other looking at the girls yeah
girls get really mad cuz they want a
baby surround these days damn it said
that too sad the story of Sentinel
island damn it yeah they must be to say
they're all cousins they're all fucking
says well what if you had to live in the
jungle what if you had to live in the
jungle you'd live in the jungle like in
the Amazon like I'd rather live in the
desert get in the junk really yeah not
me I live in the desert desert desert we
can do make a house out of sand while
you being a mountain for small you can
make a house in a mountain mm-hmm carve
it out was last time you were in a
desert they don't have mouths
figure out mounds in the motherfucking
desert no usually Los Angeles was a
desert these are mountains all over the
place no mountains it's not desert
Daryl's varied terrain
Arizona does Desert Mountain they do
have some mountains yep but they have
desert and then they have mountains
there's no desert mountains sure there
is no once you get up in the mountains
trees and shit no not in Arizona that's
true some of them are rocky right yeah
well you know what's the really coolest
when you go from like San Diego and you
drive through that area like into
Arizona yeah and you find you see all
those crazy rock formations and she's
talking beautiful out there man if you
really stop and think about all the
different types of environment that
exist here in America well you go to
Yellowstone and see all that crazy shit
and then you go to Miami Andes and see
all that crazy shit you could be up in
Maine and see the frozen north and when
I was a chicken and Idaho and on the
train down to San Diego come when we
were going down there I was on the train
and I had my gentleman in this general
explore like I like I like I like a guy
who likes to fucking relax and not be in
traffic I was sitting in the training
some guy next to me was going talking to
some young kid some young kid was like I
want to go to Europe I think Europe is
awesome it's better than America it's a
bolder guy he was like this country has
more to offer than you could ever
fucking dream and he was like what are
you talking about he's like you can see
the beauty of the mountains you can see
the beauty of Alaska you could see and
he was explaining all this stuff well
he's like I've never left the United
States and I've traveled to almost every
state and every state gets better I was
like shut up punk yeah shut up your
little punk bitch you little pussy he
was pushing around that same agenda
though that he was but it is true the
more I travel the more I'm like wow this
place is fucking gorgeous I would have
never thought to come here from Warren
for comedy I get to go to we get to go
to places where I'm like I would have
never traveled here there was no reason
for me to go to Virginia outside of for
doing stand-up I was never gonna
vacation there that's true that's a good
point yeah I was often unless you're
traveling for work how often you travel
in these kind of cities just just check
them out
yeah who does that right Maine Maine was
fucking beautiful I had no idea Maine
was that nice I mean it has like eight
people living in it yeah I was nine when
I showed up I got a couple kids there
too this spots in Maine where you just
drive and all you see is woods for like
an hour it's fucking beautiful though
when you see that kind of like land and
like little towns that still just
haven't been like but fucked by pop
culture influences their own way up to
Bangor where Stephen King lives
I think he's what they call Snowbird now
like he lives in Florida and then in the
summertime he lives in Maine that's like
my nightmare man
he lives in a house in the middle of
Bangor and like you could drive to his
gate like his gate is
there and everybody knows it's his house
cuz this big-ass house I bet it says SK
on the fucking gate well it has the
wrought iron gates have like gargoyles
on him and shit him so it's like
everyone knows it's his house King shit
but he gets like weirdo showing up
banging on his door and stuff trying to
give it that's his house Wow yeah it's a
dope old house but I mean he lives right
doesn't in there doesn't it look like
Stephen King lives there look it is look
at though the winged creatures on his
what is that it's a gargoyle right how
cool he look folks
that's wild he had that made I mean it's
so obvious that it's his house he's got
a frog also he loves frogs in frogs that
fuck up mice and shit
yeah he's you know the I don't think
Bangor has a population of a hundred
thousand people if I had a gasps what's
it what state Bangor Maine that's where
he lives I don't know I mean it was the
population of Bangor thirty one thousand
thirty one thousand in the city my buddy
was living up there my friend Marcus
Davis was living up there and he loved
it he's a fighter said there's no crime
this is no crime it's kind of hard when
there's that low of a population yeah
it's like it's really cold up there and
shit but there's no crime I stood gigs
up there
I used to gigs up there when I was
living in Boston each I have three and a
half hours to Bangor Maine in the last
hour you have to make sure you get gas
because you got to drive an hour with no
gas yeah there's an does that Bangor
that's right there is butan in the lake
beautiful Dana White keeps a place up
there in Maine yeah yeah he's got a
place in some other part of Maine like
beautiful like he's got a big spread up
there a lot of land and he's like a
vacation place where he goes and brings
his friends and they just chill I mean
it's interesting I don't know that
wouldn't be my vacation place spot but I
guess well it's fucking beautiful
minutes and there's no one there and
it's good and they can let you know I
guess you just want to get away from
fucking society you know my vacation
spot would be in Lake Louise and we in
Banff
what's BAM Banff National Forest is in
Calgary look at Lake Louise you'll
probably see the moat the prettiest lake
I've ever seen in my fucking life
mm-hmm I think it's pretty country up
there too Oh Calgary's gourds fucking
beautiful but Lake Louise like
specifically I went I went to Banff
National Forest when we were doing this
thing and I was stunned by how fucking
look at that's Lake Louise move man
that's so pretty there's some about a
mountain and a lake Kalmbach right
mountains and a lake together look at
that shit do you like fishing
I do like fucking fishing I love fishing
yeah don't get to do it enough I like it
me neither that's the problem but I've
been thinking about that lately like I
need to do more fishing like I see shit
like that and I go kind of want to be
out there catching northern pike having
a good old fucking time it's a best way
to like hang out with friends
oh yeah and just chill the fuck out a
talk shit and have a laugh and and if
you can cook them on the shore that's
the best bring a frying pan
they're so delicious like you can't
believe how much more delicious they are
fresh fish is unbeatable there's no such
a difference plays so much better
yeah store-bought fish it's just not the
same yeah me and the missus caught some
mahi mahi once and then we brought it
right back to the to the place in Mexico
and they were cooking it at the resort
yeah and I was like this is the best
fish of every team oh wow I can't
believe it it's also circumstantially
you're like this is one of the greatest
kind of ways to have this so it also
probably releases different endorphins
in your brain to be like I'm enjoying
this more than I ever would enjoy other
fish but it was the first time I'd ever
caught I would eaten mahi mahi
that was super fresh yeah I got eaten it
before but it was probably frozen you
know sure not that fresh maybe a day old
expect yeah yeah but when you eat it
like an hour after you catch it's like
holy shit imagine how salmon tastes the
Bears that catch them out of the fucking
river in their mouth they get so fucking
fat coastal bears that's the big ones
you know brown bears and grizzly bears
are the same thing but brown bears were
way bigger and the reason why they're
way bigger scuzz they live in the coast
we're just eating fish and dead whales
they launched and anything else they can
get their fucking on fucking fatty fatty
heavy foods there's an awful video an
awful Jamie I'll find it of a grizzly
that's pulling
black bear cubs out of a den and killing
them and eating him and the mother is
trying to stop them he's trying to stop
the grizzly
from eating her babies yeah and he just
swats her away like she ain't shit I
gotta say it's awful dude you shouldn't
shouldn't play it you definitely can't
play it and you shouldn't even watch it
I'm gonna watch it the screams that they
make and it takes it's a long-ass video
and she's trying to fight him off but
he's like fuck you I'm eating your
babies that's one thing that bothers me
the most about the anthropomorphize
Asian that people do with animals is
that their stance on bears it's I don't
want people to hate bears but I want
people to know what a bear really is
versus what they think it is they think
there's sweetie eat honey and they're
sweet and they're nice and they don't
really fuck shit up they they're amazing
I'm a big fan of bears but they are all
cannibals they're all kennel bears make
me feel like of course there were
dinosaurs bears are like that's just a
fucking dinosaur well it's a beast so it
is it's a beast in the purest sense so
any beasts make it reminds me that we
definitely have had to have dinosaurs
that that was just a small dinosaur no
nothing like a dinosaurs far far far far
far creepier they don't have any hair I
don't trust anything with no hair you
don't have any fuckin head I have a
little but I don't trust anything that
like it's a hairless any hair it's what
other animals are what I mean like fish
or hairless like a snake everything in
the waters hairless yeah I trust those
fucks none of it none of it that
bottlenose dolphin a prophet bitches
phone you know trust that dolphin and so
that's a weapon from Russia it's awesome
they want to put a bomb on that thing
but I had a Russian strap well it's back
there spoke Russian it had a Russian
strap on its back so like the the the
whale that they're talking about they
think the Russians had trained it to get
close to boats that it could hit the
boat and blow it up Stoke you don't care
I care some things are cool I mean that
rendering of t-rex oh yeah but I thought
they think it has feathers look at that
it has red hair by the way at the front
of its face well that's the other thing
they think that it might have been
because they think they might have been
scavengers t-rex was a ginger with
freckles where did you find these
assholes you fucking dick
that no gingers that are assholes how
about a dungeon they're all over the
place gingers that are assholes
you can't not find look at there's no
key might have had facial features like
a vulture they think it might have been
red in the face because they really
don't have any idea what they mean when
you see these color drawings they just
take chances they're all made up the
University of Bozeman not the University
of Bozeman the Natural History Museum in
Bozeman Montana has a raptor that on one
side of it they had feathers on it
try to give you like an alternate
perspective of what it might have looked
like so they had this Raptor and in one
side of it it looked just like I'm like
an evil bird it's really cool
because they they know now that's what
it looked like they know now that a lot
of dinosaurs had had feathers they've
actually got fossils of dinosaurs with
feathers so they know that the idea that
all dinosaurs were these reptile looking
things is incorrect
some of them literally were birds so the
birds you see today whether it's a
peacock or a chicken or something like
that they're fucking dinosaurs yeah
they're that's what that is it's a
dinosaur that survived they're the ones
that are bigger than a chicken didn't
really make it but the ones you know why
did the small ones make it it will hide
that when the impact of the crater hit
the world that it was so devastating
they killed almost everything and every
whatever was left whatever scrounging
scavenging little creature that was left
evolved and became us we used to be a
mole we used to be like a shrew 65
million years ago that's what these
people these these non-believers this is
what they think you you think it's
ridiculous that you think you came from
a monkey you know tradition from Joe I
know you know geez this is how crazy
these liberals are you know they it's
crazy to think you came from monkey
believes and motherfuckers take it to
another level they they're so crazy they
think you came from a shrew you were
like a little mold character yep yep yep
and then that became a monkey and then
add the monkey becomes you all that shit
inside of 65 million years get the fuck
out of if I can while crocodiles are a
hundred million years old
so crocodiles are the same but somehow
or another we went from being a fuck
and true to being a person who knows and
loves Jesus and all art shit that's it
right there that's another that thing so
if you see like rats like there was a by
it I think it was an E
where was it there was a video we were a
science experiment there was a video of
rats in Chinatown I did I want to say it
might have been Northern California but
there was they were tearing down a
building in Chinatown and the volume of
rats that come pouring out of this
building is like holy that shit they did
what they were living in the walls of
this building and demolished it no the
rats came out they're demolishing and
we're outside filming as you're seeing
extremes of rats run out of this
building and out onto the street
stumbling into the gutter standing there
on the sidewalk not knowing where to go
and the fucking hate rats are running
past them but I mean hundreds of rat
yeah hundred thousand there in the walls
right for sure fuck that for sure
communities of rats
mm-hmm inside the walls this building
they're tearing down I'm glad we don't
have rats in Los Angeles not like they
do in like New York do you know why we
don't have rats mmm coyotes that's right
yeah the coyotes yeah those
motherfuckers nice my hammies with a
smug creepy weird dogs that you see
running around have you taken all the
fucking rats those little creepy cunts
they keep us in check what do you what
did you find Jim as you find the rat
video with all the kind of video I found
like this one lady said she thought she
was gonna die there were so many rats
around her she'd know what to do it's a
little much but it says there was a huge
problem and 91 year old building I can't
find a video 91 oh that's a no like
February 9 moving it tore it down it
well if you're in the city I'm sure
there's horrible rat problems and I know
there's rat problems in the Hollywood
Hills - yeah yeah that's you're out here
there's no somebody told me that we're
at a movie theater and some some person
who lives in the hills had a nice house
with a movie theater but they had to
keep their feet up when they watch
movies because rats run across your feet
shut the fuck up yeah in their nice
house with a movie theater okay get that
shit handled yes call the exterminator
get that shit handled the organic to get
a couple more dogs get more done Oh cats
around when they get shit a box in your
house just box there marshal arrest or
eat little critter things oh yeah does
he bring him into the house
love's kill squirrels I joke around
about it he's a squirrel killer but he's
a straight-up squirrel cancer murder
he's so sweet but not the squirrels
thing is he doesn't rip my part he just
kills him like they're a toy and he
brings him back I think he understands
what the fuck they are no he doesn't
fuck but he brings him back in them what
he put him in the same spot every time
you bring your ball back he'll drop in
the spot bring a squirrel back drop in
the spot that's funny if they return
things yeah a retriever well he just
wants to know if you want this no no
he's a retriever yeah that's what those
dogs are those dogs are designed
probably for like duck hunting or some
shit like whatever whatever retrieval
that you wanted them to do but they
don't crush things they they have a
gentle mouth they call it a soft mouth
like when they carry things they don't
like I've had pit bulls right and they
just crush every yeah they might
everything you give them I had a dog
that I had to give him a fucking root
canal not I did it above to an actual
dentist so the dentist he bit so hard he
shattered his teeth he shattered his
back his back teeth by crushing bones
it just was crushing FISC oh yes they
have so much power
yeah their teeth would crack but the
gold retrievers don't bite that hard
doing but that's like britni's my dad's
friend had a Brittany a hunting dog at
Britney's are like that too it's a
gentle I put a duck in their mouth or
something but they won't buy exactly
look you can't go duck hunting on a pit
bull they'll bring you back a hamburger
patty look you have the duck you fucking
asshole and rip the fucking shreds yeah
do you want a dog you don't want to term
in chat bird that does bite work to go
out and give your dogs what a retriever
I mean it's not a coincidence that those
dogs like labs and retrievers they're
like the sweetest dogs in the world
they're so nice to people yeah because
it because they're I think they're
inherently gentle like their whole
they're not a vicious attack they don't
like attacking I mean I've never seen no
cold enough tackle no no no they're not
like that at all but they're bred for
that and that's the way they're bred
like yeah you never met my dog yet right
he's the fucking nicest thought if he's
in here he wouldn't leave you alone
he was like putting his head in your lap
like oh yeah like he just he'll drop to
his back all the time just come on belly
rub me like if he meets you he'll start
whining and he runs around in circles
and then he drops his base rub my belly
come on you know you want to yeah they
just want love yeah constantly want love
it's my day everyday I'm not gonna lie
for a long time not having a dog at the
house is so strange and because you said
when you come home and not have anything
sometimes it's a little overwhelming
yeah it's nice to have something to be
like hey it's great for lonely people oh
my god by yourself like it makes a big
difference having a dog decriminalised
second what wait he came through oh my
god I thought you said it didn't this
morning it said it did in 15 minutes ago
holy shit Denver became the first city
in the u.s. to decriminalize marijuana
Wow Wow
powerful Denver Wow holy shit man it
passed and for voters approved measure
decriminalize psychedelic mushrooms god
how did we think they'd do Jamie
better information you son of a bitch
they ready for some reason they did say
son of a bitch Jamie working with the
CIA still unofficial apparently though I
posted on Wednesday afternoon and ended
up pulling 51 I pulled ahead this
afternoon that's why this morning it
wasn't a head and then they still
they're still counting votes Frisian the
provision prohibit the city government
of using any resources to impose
criminal penalties against adults over
21 years of age or personal use
possession of psycho psilocybin hey you
don't have to talk like you're in the
end of a commercial what no I do have to
get it all out just a case no no no
that's not a disc what if something hits
us and kills nobody knows the fuck you
just said yeah they do that's the funny
thing about those commercials and then
they're doing it so fast they can't
because they just completely get it out
legally okay but it's so gross yeah they
just have to get it out when I first
started hearing that I'm like there's a
job for fast talk and bullshitters it's
safe like the rapper Mac Lethal not that
he's a fast-talking bullshitter but he
raps so fast I know do you know who he
is yeah dude you can barely hear half of
the shit comes out of oh you can hear it
pretty clear sometimes pretty fucking
clear pretty fucking yeah when he does
the raps in the morning I've seen some
of his shit dude that's a talent yeah
that's that mean the way he does it is
incredible yeah he's got Dunning look I
hear and I just go I don't even
understand how the fuck are done can
move that fast but it makes sense like
you ever do something with your right
hand like you'd go like this really fast
now try with your left hand side yeah
you can't
at all this week yeah like I can 20
cents real fast but like yeah I can't
really do it mother yeah exactly that's
tapping it's a good example yeah you
kind of think that your face is like
that too that that keeping up with your
face yeah through the noises
the same way that buffer brothers were
able to do that thing that they're able
to do no no there's something what
there's something about different I know
but there's something about it well
there's definitely something about the
rhythm that he does the rhythm that he
announces it's like it's so specific
that you're like wow that's really it's
such a you know silent Bruce is
different than anybody anybody that's
ever done that kind of shit because he
gets fucking crazy like he's perfect for
MMA he gets so amped up because most
people are just professional in the red
corner coming from Los Angeles
California stitch him up Joe Schilling
you know what I mean but Bruce fucking
scream he goes fighting the way he yells
is so fucking John it's crazy and
perfect for MMA it must amp up the
fighter so fucking much when they hear
your name you're just gonna be there and
he's almost having a heart attack
if he takes to tend to have a heart
attack Bruce Buffer gets to 5 every
fucking show look at him there
I mean he's not dying he's in great
shape yeah but he gets to halfway to a
heart attack every fucking time like
look how red he gets bro I mean you he's
putting it out there yeah that's why
he's so much different than any other
ring announcer ever because you can't
just do that like if you go back and
watch his early days he wasn't really
doing it like that like really developed
his style look at how cool that is man
and when TJ Dillashaw fuck it bumped how
popped is he right there I was telling
you man Bruce Buffer pumps people the
fuck up man
look at that that's intense man that's
intense whoo that's so exciting
he's awesome he's such a character to
men he's perfect suits he's only got a
different one
he's always looking she always looked
sharp like a real fucking show it's
interesting that like that style of
announcing really didn't exist before
Bruce right and before MMA like it
didn't it was not appropriate for boxing
like it something had this air of old
man class kind of still that you had to
abide by these you know rules and they
still have a Bell ding come on I hate
the bell with that hmm well I mean I
mean what the would clap still happens
across the board for for boxing and MMA
yes yes warning it's funny second second
clan is still a thing yeah
like how come they haven't upgraded that
to a sound I don't understand what's a
good call is a good point because
sometimes people get confused
it's happen even with professionals and
they misinterpret the would clap as
being the end of the round because
they're so in the groove right there
like what happened did that was at the
end of the round and then I'll stop and
the the ref League oh no I'll keep going
and you have ten seconds left and then
like sometimes weird stuff happens where
guys get out of their mental pattern
sure it's happened mate well it's got to
also be the noise of an arena sometimes
can take over I'm sure something gets
distracting you hear that anythink was
that a yell or was that the clap let's
do i seconds left are doing so we're
gonna be in Chicago for that big fight
fucking oh shit was that June mm what is
that
June 8th right June 8th yeah I don't
know I doubt it pretty close but there's
that's a big UFC card too isn't it who's
on that car uh I just saw this morning I
just looked this morning Henry cejudo
versus Marlin mirai's for the
bantamweight title has an opportunity to
become champ champ and then Marlin rises
fucking fantastic fighter yeah that's a
great card Jimmie Rivera and Petry on HR
Yan Putra I think it's just a chill
truck to what to avoid
you say Putra up your truck it's a
Russian character mm-hmm Valentina
Shevchenko versus Jessica I that's great
fight - that's such a great name stuff
chanko yeah such a great fucking bad-ass
I fuck you up and he that hold on stops
going back up
Tatyana Suarez is a beast yeah that
woman is so good she's probably the best
wrestler and female MMA she smashes
people and
Saurav is fantastic that's a great fight
that's um Amanda Nunez his girlfriend -
Amanda Nunez is probably the baddest
woman literally ever oh right yes she
was she's the one who knocked out cyborg
yeah cyborg was the baddest woman in MMA
I know her when Amanda new at noon is
starched her in the first round there's
no one you could literally legitimately
give that title - it's Amanda Nunez
she's the baddest woman ever al Jemaine
sterling versus page of muoz it's a
gray card
Ricardo Lamas Calvin cater that's a
great fight - shit a lot of a lot of
chicks a lot of chicks be fighting a lot
of Chicago girls I think I'll go girls
in Greenville getting ready to fight I'm
fucking tired of this town that's you
guys that's awesome
Chicago girls are more than I don't know
how to say this Chicago's time is time
kiss my ass I'll fuck you up
girls night yes yeah fuck you Chicago's
an interesting combination like Midwest
and urban yes City it's like it's like
cosmopolitan it's sophisticated but it's
also the greatest fucking city in the
Midwest that's what it is
it wouldn't be yeah that's right in the
middle you fucking Ohio turd so it's no
jealous when we say that Columbus has an
argument that it might be better than
Chicago no other city in the Midwest has
an argument a lot of people that that's
like where you would graduate from if
you got tired or too big for Columbus
and you move over to drive six hours
that's not bad - make it San Francisco
yeah it's not bad at all but all the
cities in the Midwest compete with
Chicago and they all know they fucking
know I mean who would be who would beat
us who would be better
Detroit Kansas City st. Louis Detroit's
in a bad spot Indianapolis none of these
places have the things that we have
don't kick Detroit while it's down no no
I like to try you what you're doing I
like them they're just not suited to
their industry fell apart Chicago
Milwaukee I mean all these other cities
they're great cities but they're not
Chicago really crazy is that Detroit in
the 1950s was the richest city in the
world sure yeah well yeah there's a lot
of wealth up there getting food I mean
so many people in the automotive
industry well that time when they were
at the top of the automotive industry
yeah and they were making cars that were
coveted throughout the world and all the
manufacturing was done
gM the richest city in the world they
had one point in time now it's one of
the poorest I know it's less than a
century later it's really crazy
there's not another city like that that
hasn't had like some sort of a
catastrophe yeah like something hit it
like it just went away yep I did try
this I mean it's actually a wonderful
fucking city I actually do love to try
to just release a try yeah sad when you
go up there cuz you you see remnants of
what was it's really strange to see what
what happened with GM and all that but
you could buy a house for $100 it's not
funny now you can't kind of a bitch why
you laughing you must be a leader don't
tell me jokes much person you think it's
funny that you could buy a house
meanwhile you can't buy a house out here
for fucking you can t buy a house for a
hundred grand nope
people will you tell people that like
you can't buy a house for a hundred
thousand dollars like no you can't
impossible I think of what impossible
like if you live in Sugar Land Texas you
can get a pretty decent house for like
150 grand yeah
nice house yep not here not fuck that
not even come on people
what's it what is it like in Ohio cheap
looking on Detroit Zillow this is $1,000
it's for clothes though thousand bucks
it's nice house let's go there start
podcasts video in our next podcast
studio is on screw mansion if we just
decided to do that we decided to armor
plate a fucking house have a guard there
24/7 and helicopter in will fly in bro
this regular flights to Detroit right
and then we have a Detroit version of
our podcast you got a fun but we have to
wheel in our electronic so they try to
steal it yeah I mean that's just not
smart
Detroit is like too dangerous we have to
go somewhere more rural but also
ridiculous where can we go Maine yeah
Maine far out oh come on bro don't be
scared man come on let's go somewhere
close we get all those cool people from
me in Northern California let's go up to
like like like like like Napa area like
mmm okay let's go but that place burns
every couple years bad yeah I guess it
does yeah okay well we'll buy the ocean
we'll do like Carmel
you know Carmel by the sea beautiful
come on let's do caramels gorgeous no no
I like are you talking that's where
Clint Eastwood film play misty for me
that's where he lives right well he was
a mayor
oh wait five Carmel yeah oh shit he won
he's mayor he can't stop that guy
why are we going where the mushroom is
illegal Oh too many people move in at
Denver man many people look at them look
it up about Denver's problem with their
infrastructure they're hating how many
people are coming into their city listen
bro you moved to Evergreen you live in
the mountains savage I moved to Bracken
album tube recreation that's rich coke
Breckenridge is nice I like brick don't
you want to see how girls yell out their
boyfriends scream out in the street with
naked
mawkish we need more money is the
mushroomed legality is that gonna be
like a doctor thing or a big gonna like
no it's decriminalized is that you don't
go to you don't go to jail but you can't
sell it legally
it's very squirrely but it's what it is
is step one and that's what we need yeah
we needed step one and then it's also on
the ballot in California soon and when
it's on the ballot in California soon it
has a likelier chance here I think that
even in Denver and more so now the real
profits people don't understand what it
is
right and they think it's just like oh
my god these kids gonna do mushrooms are
gonna drive off cliffs that's what
people were thinking more testing now
right is that sort of what it helps well
they've done some tests Johns Hopkins
University had some pretty extensive
testing that they did that showed real
positive results with people that had
terminal illnesses where it alleviated
the worry of death and there's some
other studies that have been run on it
but there's so far no one has ever
instituted in the United States at least
like a real thorough comprehensive
clinic where you can go and they can
treat you if you have alcohol addiction
PTSD there's a lot of different things
they treat with psilocybin yeah and it's
been illegal because it's a Schedule one
substance so all these people it's one
of the best things on earth to fix like
mental barriers and problems that you
have especially if it was done in a
controlled clinical environment by
people you trusted and you felt safe
that's what a shaman is supposed to be
right what a shaman supposed to be
somebody provides you with the
psychedelic substances in a controlled
state where they they let you be in a
good state of mind set and setting is
always very very
horton and if we do that I mean I really
think we have a real good chance of
turning a lot of people around people
that are addicted to things people with
psychological problems people that can't
see themselves I shouldn't have a lot of
a lot of different shoes and it's one of
the best tools for that but like every
tool could be abused but the problem is
not the tool
the problem is abuse whether it's with
alcohol or pills or food or any of these
things we're talking about sex
people can abuse anything course but
doesn't mean that psilocybin is in an
amazing compound that literally can
change humanity right it can yeah it has
it has it as and there's so many other
there's so many other things that we
don't even know we haven't even tapped
into the possibilities that's the other
thing was when you limit yourself on the
possibilities it's like well we don't
how do we know what not this you know
what it's gonna do what if the chip
releases mushroom juice every 15 just a
little microdose there's a little micro
dose you know it feels your levels when
you start getting angry when the guy
cuts me off and I'm like you fucking ass
releases and I'm like a little bit of
God juice I'm fine you are fine aren't
you going somewhere this weekend were
you at when Vegas baby
oh Jesus what are you doing in Vegas
Vegas Jimmy Kimmel just open up a cold
out there Jimmy it was from Vegas and he
opened up a comedy club I think what day
you there I'm right there a Friday
Saturday and who you weren't with you
know I'm taking uh taking young re man a
student yeah excellent
y'all be Vegas and then in two weeks I
go to rally before I go to Chicago I got
up charlie good night good nights baby
oh it's just good nights now I think
it's go yeah just good night's comedy
yeah you brought it but it's the same
same setup same shit it's a beautiful
club right that's another one a small
kind of intimate it's a two-leg town -
al Riley's great great town I got family
from North Carolina so I'll be seeing
some North that's like a really cool
town cool college towns hip yes the vibe
the vibe is really cool the vibe the v
is cool a lot of cool cats out there
North kiss poking cigarette painted
chillin making jazz that's who they are
shows cooler which shows like that all
the time yeah
which I was it can't get a chump and
you'll be either you'll be looking for
advice
just ask me anything math magic ships
become the new lobotomy like in the
future that I can't believe these people
let themselves get chipped and the chip
just deteriorates inside of you and
starts rotting your neural core we start
to fucking slowly turn into a be shaming
you you you you can read minds for the
first ten years Danny get Parkinson's
fuck sacrifice to thank you thinking in
10 years I'll fix it I'll fix it by then
10 years we do that all the time they're
like Yura by the time that we're done
with it ever I've seen people say that
about cigarettes I think you know I
don't I wish I didn't have to smoke but
I do and I'm thinking they're gonna fix
it they're gonna fix it well maddox me
if I gotta fix it with madness what
about Jules what about these electronic
cigarettes so close they're so close to
be able to reverse cancer by the time I
get cancer my mother I don't know man my
mother's gonna die from cancer maybe not
me not me not me bro all these are the
younger generation is sucking on the
electronic the robot dicks I feel bad
it's gonna kill him I don't know that's
gonna I think there's gonna be some shit
in there dude pens yeah fuck yeah thanks
how do you know what's in those you ask
and they'll tell you why are you why
would they tell you cuz you're so stupid
you're willing to smoke a robot do they
tell you the truth of what's in it you
think they're gonna keep selling them
they could sell them they had skulls and
crossbones on it with a with a person
with X's for eyes like right like people
died from this yeah choked to death
cigarettes like cigarettes in Europe
they have the package to head they've
shown pictures of people with like lung
cancer oh this happens people don't man
giant warnings not far fuck it keep
smoking did you ever smoke when you were
young no I tried it I tried it when I
was 15 me and my sister tried it she
kept smoking she smoked for years she's
and now she's quit
yeah she quit eventually she quit when
she had kids what about what about what
about cigars you never smoked cigars
yeah I like cigars I'll smoke cigars
yeah I used to have some here but I
don't anymore
well now they have weed in them yeah
it's a different thing like the cigar
with no weed is like that speedy kind of
relax see weird hi yeah people don't
know if you don't smoke cigars you get
high
this is why like Republicans who are
anti-drug who smokes like whiskey shut
your dirty mouth yeah you're on drugs
yeah okay these are you're on a
substance yeah you're you're altering
your state of consciousness with cigars
they give you a certain amount of
euphoria
nicotine you get that little buzz from
the high yeah a guy used to smoke cigars
all the time with Kevin James Kevin
James doesn't fuck with weed
he doesn't really drink but he will
smoke the shit some cigars and we got
fucked up they fuck you what they do
that they do in a weird Wagner over that
it's overwhelming there are a lot
they're heavy it's a lie you just wanna
kind of like I'd like him after a fat
steak and I want to feel like an ugly
American of a fat ribeye and then a
fucking Cuban sit on a porch just talk
shit with your friends yeah you know
have a glass of whiskey yeah and that's
a like a non self-aware high like
sometimes you don't want to be you don't
want to be nothing even self-awareness
is the wrong term what I'm really
looking for is like the self analysis
you're not analyzing yourself when
you're smoking a cigar drinking whiskey
yeah bun yeah yeah pick him back and
your brains not your brains kind of
turned off if you do those things it's
not turned on like though the problem
with the weed is all the good things
about the weed the weed is good because
it makes you think it makes you paranoid
it makes you aware and yeah it makes you
more compassionate it makes you more
contemplative makes you more self
analytical but I also can freak you out
sometimes and maybe that's not what you
want that day maybe that day you just
wanna coiled in monterrey double corona
just puff on that bad boy you ever
inhale you don't know a glass of Buffalo
Trace with a big fucking Ice Cube ice
what are you Pesci what a big fucking
Ice Cube big fat whenever we go and get
drinks Andrew Santino asks how big get
your ice cube this is whiskey but you
have a large I always say you have one
stone and I always look away with this
motherfuckers fucking AIDS I said you
have one stone I just want one stone so
high-maintenance he wants a large ball
got a ball you know
ball four balls of ice because you know
what they do otherwise they scoop a fuck
little ice in there and it dilutes the
whiskey and it's all water I don't like
I know my friend John Dudley does wasn't
play games he takes a pan of water like
a large pan and then he puts it in the
Trager grills and he sets it to super
smoke and the smoke is constantly
pumping into the water he leaves it
there for hours then he takes that smoke
filled water and He pours it into those
balls yeah yeah so he makes those molds
with smoke infused water I love him and
then he puts that in the glass he knows
I'm like whoa that's next level I like
that shit next smoke that smoke you
gotta break so you're supposed to break
those balls in half yeah who is it who's
out there doing that what is that oh
that's the wedge I've seen this yeah
what is this communism what is this
magnet it's halfway ice yeah half glass
get that shit out of my face goddamn
hippies what else you got your own cold
brew huh your homemade dad's like go to
see if you could find you want to be a
prove your wizardry skills because I
know he has them yeah try to find John
Dudley smoked ice balls on the Instagram
good luck he'll find it
he'll find it Trager smoke balls he
calls him smoky balls so he makes them
doesn't himself yeah he makes him those
are himself like in his backyard it's
already counted in second up doesn't
even make sense
I can't if he gave me time I wouldn't be
able to be nicer if I can't do that shit
he's doing it while he's operating the
camera so here's John's uh he's got a
grill running so he's got that that pan
filled with water there is smoke in it
yeah and and this is he's got the
insulated top on it because he's in Iowa
that's freezing fucking cold and then he
pours that smoky water into the mold son
done done done smoked a ball yeah
time to get fucked up kids whoo smokey
balls cat lady that crazy shit let's go
yeah yeah let's win we're in lanai when
we were in lanai Chuck John and I have
we've tied it on man we've tied it on
many times but we did one podcast with a
bunch of bowhunters and we got fucked up
were drinking everything in the mini
cabinet and with the mini bar had
redbull and red wine and tequila
and what else diet coke and John Dudley
mix it all up and called it a cat lady
it's just like so crazy shit fucked up
yeah and we were all drinking and no
there was no Diet Coke
it was redbull tequila and red wine
that's what it was it was the damn
delicious what are so trashy as you say
when we were high as fuck
and we're just trashed just fucked up
that's like that's the kids who do the
suicide you know that every every
fucking kind of soda in the machine it's
only good cuz you're like yeah this is
supposed to be fun we were just having a
good time doing a podcast you know
having a good time just drinking
ridiculous drinking bullshit yeah the
cat lady that's gonna be a thing because
now the Internet's can do was make a cab
was the thing for a while people were
doing it but then they realized why
would you do that when you could have a
mark on their own have a nice glass of
wine by itself it's just some shit you
doing Europe you know you're touching
your board and scavenging you know
minibar whenever you get bored and how
you create like the most i saw someone
on the internet posted they took the ice
cream from an ice cream sandwich and
then rice - rice krispie treats and they
put the ice cream between this it was
ice krispie treat but someone with
diabetes mm-hmm
Bree I think with the breeder they're
like ice cream burritos going around I
seen that candy machine devil's and ice
cream and shit
that shit's gross Cub Swanson turned
double-double from in and out into a
taco what was yeah he chopped up a
double-double and put it into a taco
blasphemy - and that number is talking
about it whether or not that's okay
blasphemy okay fuck with that in and out
cars that blast leave those things God
how's that shit fuckin gross
Wow anybody eats Taco Bell living in Los
Angeles a shameful human being the
amount of good Mexican food
just some it's like it's too much
there's too much good what is happening
here
200 McDonald's burgers into a burrito
yeah there's no time guys they've been
doing this for a while I've been doing
this for like so the 10 years they stuff
it in there and what is the rap is that
a burrito wrap yeah and then this okay I
don't need to see this Jamie Jamie oh
and I look at your search engine I would
take away your right to vote I feel like
there's no way I got different computers
look what's wrong with you that's why
that's why I got different computers you
don't see my other ones Daniel I don't
know I have different emails this is mr.
happy mr. happy wants to get on this one
he only looks for happy things that's
flowers different personality for
different computers lawn mower
this is mr. dirty this is what I really
like organic fertilizer it doesn't hurt
the environment you didn't live in LA
where would you live and if we we all
move together where should we go
two questions either well it's got to be
somewhere there's no state income tax
cuz you're tired of this shit tired of
this bullshit what if you start making
more money you don't give a fuck anymore
yeah but still it's kind of like why am
i paying any more money to the fuck so
that there's plenty of homeless people
around okay duh all right vite someone's
gonna fix the streets too are they when
are they gonna start looks good that's
why a lot of athletes operate out of
Florida I drove here today and it didn't
bother me at all yeah you live so close
to here and live on the roof live in
Florida because of low income taxes also
say this is why Oh Jay is there like
they can't get you if you owe money
Florida can't get you yeah you can hide
in Florida if you owe money really yeah
it's one of them weird one so I have
Trump national is down there well I
think that's like pensions and shit like
they can't take away pensions right they
probably have some weird like Union
restriction law that they can't touch
your stuff I think I don't really I
don't know if I could live in Florida
but yeah you could yeah yeah you just
mock it me and open me and John Travolta
and heelas have a caller we're right
next door to him he always offer
massages and shit and you'd be like nah
I'm good jump on a fly did it together
that's you and me just fly
oh man John Travolta wants to be my
friend do you think he just wants to be
my friend
you just said buddy he's a good guys
gonna swing by him oh no we have to land
in the water we'll have to hold each
other for warmth for a while oh how long
for like four days maybe well inside you
keep you warm we're from the inside my
dicks in your ass a mic impressiveness
runs very hot I know it sounds crazy but
it's different
life and death gotta put it inside if
you put your mouth on my penis
you'll see it's like over 100 agrees
well what's up blow me up and then ride
me as we float away blow me up like a
boon this playground scenario John
Travolta I don't know where I would look
probably I mean Chicago's an easy answer
I really want to move back to Chicago do
you I love it you don't mind the winters
you bond something about the bonding
that happens in the winter I believe
that too you have like a cultural bond
with people man there's nothing better
than going to a bar in the winter in
Chicago and it's fucking gross and sad
and you Bowl downside and everyone is
having a good time everyone wants to be
together in these moments it's true but
you don't want to live in the south side
where the bullets are going off left and
Ryan Patrol nowhere near that room away
how they stop that I was talking to a
guy who was a cop and he was telling me
that it's they arrested certain gang
members like certain people that have
run the gangs gang leaders yeah and they
created a power vacuum and then they
start fighting then it got even more
chaos got way worse but the cops have
tried to work with gangs over the years
and a million different ways to try to
like curb the violence they did it here
in Los Angeles how'd they do it they
have these people they have these people
that are like these community organizers
who like run the neighborhood and they
have these like kind of peace talks with
these gang leaders to tell them like
certain ways to operate in within the
community because they're like your kids
live here you're right your girlfriends
so it for some reason I think there's
been a lot of weird cultural movements
in LA that have helped like you know
Nipsey Hussle got shot and I think all
these Crips showed up with Bloods and
other people came together I think it
was just weird coming together of gangs
and this has happened in LA a few
different times our community organizers
kind of started like peel back these
walls of like we also have to live here
right I know you want to function as an
organization but I think Chicago is
reckless I don't think it's I think it's
about gangs in Chicago it's more about
young people with guns who want control
and I don't think there are all parts of
gangs I just think this is it's a it's a
violent city it's an angry violent city
it's a lot of a lot of poverty a lot of
poverty and you live there most your
life so what's the consensus thinking of
how to fix it I don't know man I wish I
wish I had like a I wish I felt like I
knew what would help that kind of stuff
but I'm just a fucking white guy from
the north side you know like the
majority these people are black the
majority the south side is black and the
majority of the violence and the crime
that happens in that community is driven
around these pockets of the south side
I have no relatability that's the
problem right but what did they think is
the way to fix it shit I don't fucking
know like if you were the king in the
world what would you do to fix the crime
and south side for the last thing that
we talked about on this podcast last
thing that I would do if it was me if I
was trying to if I really tried to think
world president put some put some
Santino if I could put some more money
in there get some programs in there
start helping people I don't know what
it is I don't know what this specific
thing is it's a cold liberal you think
it's gonna fit money
these motherfuckers and they wonder why
Trump won well they always say like we
gonna take away the guns no never gonna
take away the guns that's never gonna
work yeah you got to make some kind of
program that helps people function I
don't know what it is I'm not that smart
I'm not that smart but I do think
there's I do think there's a way to fix
it but I do think there's also a lot of
young kids who will get guns in Chicago
and they kill people it's gonna be a
slow process of change things forever
Obama couldn't do shit a lot of the from
Chicago yeah a lot of those community
organizers in Chicago were mad at him
because he didn't fix anything because
people in the black community were like
you promised you would fucking help a
little bit and then it look this is the
first year I think we've had a dip in
murders in Chicago and we're coming up
on the summer so we'll see the summer's
part sound like Theo von but we'll see
we'll say well say people got guns man
Andrew Santino let's wrap this bitch up
bring it home Chito Santino on the
Instagram and on the Twitter Andrew
Santino calm that's my website that's
your motherfucking website MC we will be
in Las Vegas this weekend at Jimmy
Kimmel's comedy
brothers and sisters and then next
weekend
two weekends at Raleigh's two weekends
in a row no no I'm saying in two week of
a game and then gonna next week yes and
sorry and then the following then we're
in Chicago
letting bitches know all right that's
gonna be fun as far goodbye everybody
until we meet again mwah Jamie you
pulled up something
[Applause]
[Music]